run is represented by a rectangle. These rectangles are numbered in the upper-left corner for ease of reference.

Note: To view service schedules and log messages about service activity, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, activate, and delete service schedules, you need the administrator role.

Services legend

The top part of the Services page has a legend that associates each service with an icon. These icons are used to identify services in the schedule grid.

The icons are:

Compression/Encryption service

Content Verification service

Disposition service

Duplicate Elimination service

Garbage collection service

Geo-distributed erasure coding service

Protection service

Scavenging service

Storage Tiering service HCP S Series Balancing service

When you hover over a time period in the schedule grid:

The legend heading shows the period reference number and the start and end times for the period The services scheduled in the time period are highlighted in the legend

Schedule grid

The schedule grid on the Schedule page shows the weekdays from Sunday through Saturday with each day each broken out into 24 hours. The time periods for a schedule are laid out on this grid.

The heading for each time period shows the period reference number and the start and end times for the period, if they fit in the width of the rectangle. Within each rectangle, either of these is displayed, depending on the size of the rectangle:

For each scheduled service, the service icon with a bar under it indicating the performance level for the service: Low: Medium: High:

The number of services scheduled to run during the time period.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

106/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

If a service in one time block conflicts with a service in an overlapping time block, the background color of the rectangle containing the service that does not take precedence is pink (

). When you hover over the rectangle, the service that does not take precedence is highlighted in red in the service legend. Text below the legend tells you which service in the

overlapping time block is involved in the conflict.

Displaying a service schedule

By default, when you open the Schedule page, the schedule grid shows the active schedule. To display a different schedule, select the schedule you want in the field on the left above the schedule grid.

If the displayed schedule is active, the word Active is displayed on a green background to the right of the schedule selection field.

Viewing the schedule for an individual service

By default, the schedule grid shows all scheduled services in the time periods for the displayed schedule. You can choose to show only a selected service in the scheduled time periods. To do this, select the service you want in the field on the right above the schedule grid.

To show all services again, select All services in the same field. Service log messages

HCP writes messages about service activity to the system log. These messages are displayed in the Service Events section on the Schedule page as well as in other displays of the log.

The messages displayed depend on the selection in the field on the right above the schedule grid. If All services is selected, the list of messages includes all service-related messages. If a specific service is selected, the list includes only the messages related to that service. Service schedule considerations

Before creating or modifying a service schedule, it is important to understand service schedule behavior.

These considerations apply to service schedules:

You cannot modify or delete the service schedule named HCP Default Schedule. You cannot activate a service schedule that does not include the Garbage Collection service. Likewise, you cannot completely remove the Garbage Collection service from the currently active service schedule. If the HCP system includes spindown storage but the currently active service schedule does not include the Storage Tiering service, the Overview page in the System