HCP returns this header only if either of these is true: In an HCP system with multiple replication links (e.g., in a ring

topology or GeoEC configuration), the header will return the value true for an object only when the object has been accurately copied to all the replication links associated with a

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

823/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Header

Methods

Description

particular tenant. If even one of these replication links

experiences a problem or goes offline, the header will not change to true If one of the HCP systems becomes unavailable or if a

replication link experiences an outage or if there is an issue with any of the components, the header will not change to tru e, even when an alternative HCP system is available for replication. X-HCP-ReplicationCollision

HEAD and GET for objects and

object versions

A true or false value indicating whether the object is flagged as a replication collision.

X-HCP-Retention

HEAD and GET for objects and object versions

The end of the retention period for the object, in seconds since January 1, 1970, at 00:00:00 UTC. This value can also be 0, -1, or -2. X-HCP-RetentionClass

HEAD and GET for objects and object versions

The name of the retention class to which the object belongs. This value is an empty string if the object is not in a retention class.

X-HCP-RetentionHold

HEAD and GET for objects and object versions

A true or false value indicating whether the object is on hold. X-HCP-RetentionString

HEAD and GET for objects and

object versions

The end of the retention period for the object, in this format:

yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ssZ

In this format, Z represents the offset from UTC and is specified as:

(+|-)hhmm

For example, 2015-11-16T14:27:20-0500 represents the start of the 20th second into 2:27 PM, November 16, 2015, EST. The value can also be Deletion Allowed, Deletion Prohibited, or Initial Undefined.

X-HCP-ServicedBySystem

All except GET for namespace

information

The domain name of the HCP system responding to the request.

If the target HCP system is unable to respond to the request and also

participates in replication, this value may be another system in the replication topology. X-HCP-Shred

HEAD and GET for objects and

object versions

A true or false value indicating whether HCP will shred the object after it is deleted.

X-HCP-Size

HEAD and GET for objects, object versions, and annotations

The size of the object, version, or annotation, in bytes. For whole- object data, this value is the size of the object data. X-HCP-SoftwareVersion

HEAD and GET for objects, object versions, annotations, ACLs, and

The version number of the HCP software.

directories

X-HCP-SymlinkTarget

HEAD and GET

The path to the target object or directory as specified when the symbolic link was created.

This header is returned only if the URL specifies a symbolic link to an object or directory.

X-HCP-Time

All except POST

The time at which HCP sent the response to the request, in seconds since January 1, 1970, at 00:00:00 UTC.

X-HCP-Type

HEAD and GET for objects, object versions, annotations, and

The entity type. One of:

directories

annotation directory

object

X-HCP-UID HEAD and GET for objects and object versions

The POSIX user ID for the object.

For objects added through the NFS protocol, this value is determined by the NFS client.

This value is an empty string if either of these are true:

The object was added through a protocol other than NFS and neither the UID nor the GID for the object has been changed.