This text can be up to 1,024 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space.

8. (Optional) If you have the administrator role, select Allow namespace management.

If the account you are creating has the administrator role, this option is selected automatically and cannot be cleared.

9. (Optional) If you have the administrator role, click Assign Namespace Permissions. Then associate data-access permissions with the user account.

You cannot associate data-access permissions with a RADIUS authenticated user account.

10. Click Create User Account.

Modifying a user account and its roles

As a user with the security role, you can change this information about a user account: The username. The full name.

The password. The roles associated with the account. Whether the account is enabled. If you disable an account while the user is currently logged in, the user is immediately prevented from taking any further actions. Note: You can disable your own account. Once you disable it, however, you cannot reenable it yourself. Whether to force a password change at the next login.

You cannot change the user ID or type of authentication. The user ID is displayed with other account details when you view an individual account as a user with the security role.

1. In the list of user accounts on the Users page, click the username for the account you want to modify. 2. In the panel that opens, make the changes you want. Note: When changing the password for a user account, you can reuse the current password. You cannot do this when changing your own password on the Change Password page. If you leave the Password field empty, the previously set password remains in effect.

3. Click Update Settings.

If you are modifying the user account you used to log into the Console and:

You changed the roles associated with the user account, a message appears indicating that the page will be reloaded. Click Close in the message window to reload the page.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

256/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

You selected Force change on next login, the Console displays the Change Password page. You need to change your password on this page in order to continue working in the Console.

Deleting a user account You can delete a user account at any time. If you delete an account while the user is currently logged in, the user is immediately prevented from taking any further action. After you delete the account, the user can no longer log in.

Tip: For a RADIUS-authenticated user, if the user account becomes invalid on the RADIUS server while the user is logged in, the user may still be able to take action in the current Console session for as long as ten minutes. To ensure that the user is immediately prevented from taking further action, delete the user in HCP before deleting the remote account.

You cannot recreate a deleted account. However, you can reuse the username from the deleted account to create a new account. The new account will have different user ID from the deleted account. You cannot delete the account you used to log into the current Tenant Management Console session. Additionally, if no existing AD group has the security role, you cannot delete the last locally authenticated user account with the security role.

1. In the list of user accounts on the Users page, click the delete control ( 2. In response to the confirming message, click Delete.

) for the account you want to delete.

Working with group accounts

To view, create, and manage HCP group accounts, you use the Groups page in the Tenant Management Console. This page is available only if the tenant supports AD authentication.

To display the Groups page, in the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, select Security > Groups. Roles: To:

View the group account list, you need the monitor, administrator, or security role View the full definitions of groups accounts, you need the security role View the allow namespace management property and data access permissions for group accounts, you need the monitor or administrator role Create, associate roles with, and delete group accounts, you need the security role Modify the allow namespace management property and data access permissions for group accounts, you need the administrator role Groups page

The Groups page lets you create, modify, and delete HCP group accounts. It also lists the existing group accounts.