Whether the network is enabled or disabled. The network description (if configured). The maximum transmission unit (MTU) used for the network.

The domain associated with the network. The total number of tenant references defined for the network or network alias. This is the number of tenants that are configured to use the network for data access,

management, or both purposes.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

84/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The tenant reference list for the network or network alias. This list contains the names of the tenants that are configured to use the network and the purpose for which each

tenant uses the network (data access, management, or both purposes). The total number of alias references defined for the network. This is the total number of aliases that point to the network. The alias reference list for the network. This list contains the names of the network aliases that have been defined for the network. The downstream DNS configuration settings for the network.

The advanced Downstream DNS Configuration settings for the network, if the mode is enabled.

For a network alias, the Settings panel displays these properties: The name of the network alias.

The name of the targeted network. This is the network that the alias points to. The total number of tenant references defined for the network alias. This is the number of tenants for which the alias is selected as the data access network, the

management network, or both networks. The tenant reference list for the network alias. This list contains the names of the tenants for which the alias is selected as the data access network, the management network, or both networks. The following properties of the targeted network:

The network description (if configured).

The maximum transmission unit (MTU) used for the network. The domain associated with the network.

The total number of alias references defined for the network. This is the total number of aliases that point to the network. The alias reference list for the network. This list contains the names of the network aliases that have been defined for the network. The downstream DNS configuration settings for the network.

Network and network alias properties displayed on the IP Configuration panel

When you click the name of a network in the network list, the IP Configuration panel displays the IP configuration properties defined for that network.

When you click the name of a network alias in the network list, the IP Configuration panel displays the IP configuration properties defined for the targeted network (that is, the IP

configuration properties defined for the network that the alias points to).

The IP Configuration panel displays these properties for a network or for the targeted network of an alias:

The IP Mode settings that are used for the network. These settings determine whether the network supports IPv4 addresses, IPv6 addresses, or both.

In the IP Mode section on the panel, if IPv4 is selected, then the network supports IPv4 addresses, and the IP Configuration panel displays these properties: The IPv4 gateway and subnet mask that are defined for the network.

The IPv4 subnet that is defined for the network. HCP derives the IPv4 subnet from the IPv4 gateway and subnet mask that are configured for the network. The IPv4 addresses that are assigned to the nodes that are included in the network (if any). These addresses must be on the IPv4 subnet defined for the network.

If IPv6 is selected, indicating that the network supports IPv6 addresses, the IP Configuration panel displays these properties:

The primary IPv6 gateway and the primary IPv6 address prefix length that are defined for the network. The primary IPv6 subnet that is defined for the network. HCP derives the primary IPv6 subnet for the network from the IPv6 gateway and IPv6 address prefix length

that are configured for the network. The primary IPv6 addresses that are assigned to the nodes that are included in the network (if any). These addresses must be on the primary IPv6 subnet defined for the network. Whether or not a secondary IPv6 subnet is defined for the network.

If a secondary IPv6 subnet is defined for the network, the IP Configuration panel displays these additional properties:

The secondary IPv6 gateway and the secondary IPv6 address prefix length that are defined for the network. The secondary IPv6 subnet that is defined for the network. HCP derives the secondary IPv6 subnet for the network from the IPv6 gateway and IPv6 address