Note: When you click Next, HCP checks that the system is in a valid state to perform the migration. This includes checking for degraded RAID groups. This check can take up to 90 seconds.

If the configuration is not acceptable, you can click view details in the Configuration Summary section to display the specific reasons why. You can also click Configuration Report to download the configuration summary and details to a file. The default name for this file is Configuration-Report.txt.

The Configuration Details section in the step-two panel lists the nodes selected for migration:

To change the migration configuration, click Modify Configuration. The Configuration panel redisplays step 1, which shows your current selections. To restart the migration configuration, click Cancel. The Configuration panel redisplays step 1 with all selections cleared.

4. Optionally, add a description of the data migration and/or change the performance level for the Migration service:

To add a description: a. Click Add description.

b. In the text box that opens, type a description of the migration. This text can be up to 1,024 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters,

including white space.

To change the performance level, in the Performance Level field, select Low, Medium, or High. The higher the performance level, the greater the load on the HCP system.

5. Click Start Migration.

The Migration service begins preparing for the data migration, and the Migration page switches to the Overview panel.

Configuring a migration on a HCP with SAN-attached storage system

To configure a data migration on a HCP with SAN-attached storage system:

1. On the left side of the Migration page, click Configuration.

The Configuration panel displays step 1 (one) of the migration configuration (Choose items for migration). From this panel you can select to either retire storage arrays or hardware nodes.

2. Take one of these actions: Retire Storage Arrays:

a. Select Retire Entire Array.

The Select Hardware for Retirement section lists the storage systems used by the HCP system. Each array is assigned a number, starting from zero. Below this list, the section shows the number of LUNs currently selected for migration out of the total number of LUNs for each node.

To view additional details about the LUNs, click in the row for the node you’re interested in or click expand all to see details about the LUNs on all nodes. After displaying details for all the LUNs, you can click collapse all to hide the details.

The details shown for each LUN are:

The number of the array the LUN comes from. The LUN number.

The worldwide identification number (WWID) for the LUN. The type of LUN (OS, data, or standby). Standby means that the LUN mapping provides zero-copy-failover support for a data LUN on a different node. The LUN size.

b. Select the storage arrays or storage nodes from which you want to migrate the data. When you select an array for migration, all HCP LUNs on the array are selected automatically. You cannot select or deselect the LUNs individually.

To clear your selections and start over, click Cancel.

Retire Hardware Nodes:

a. Select Retire Specific Hardware Nodes. b. Select the nodes from which you want to migrate the data.

To clear your selections and start over, click Cancel.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

117/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

3. Click Next.

The Configuration panel displays step two of the migration configuration (Review configuration summary and confirm). The Configuration Summary section in this panel

indicates whether the migration configuration is acceptable.

Note: When you click Next, HCP checks that the system is in a valid state to perform the migration. This check can take up to 90 seconds. If the configuration is not acceptable, you can click view details in the Configuration Summary section to display the specific reasons why. You can also click Configuration Report to download the configuration summary and details to a file. The default name for this file is Configuration-Report.txt. You can send this file to your SAN storage

administrator, who can then correct the problems.