x-amz-grant-read

Grants the browse and read data access permissions for the bucket to one or more specified grantees. If you’re using a canned ACL to add an ACL to a bucket, the x-amz-grant-read header is invalid. x-amz-grant-read-acp

Grants the read ACL data access permission for the bucket to one or more specified grantees. If you’re using a canned ACL to add an ACL to a bucket, the x-amz-grant-read-acp header is invalid.

x-amz-grant-write

Grants the write and delete data access permissions for the bucket to one or more specified grantees. If you’re using a canned ACL to add an ACL to a bucket, the x-amz-grant-write header is invalid. x-amz-grant-write-acp

Grants the write ACL data access permission for the bucket to one or more specified grantees. If you’re using a canned ACL to add an ACL to a bucket, the x-amz-grant-write-acp header is invalid.

Response headers

The list below describes the headers returned in response to a successful request to add an ACL to a bucket. Content-length

Specifies the size, in bytes, of the response body. In response to a successful request to store an object, the value of this header is always 0 (zero).

Date

The date and time when HCP responded to the request, in Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). The date and time are returned in this format: DDD dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss GMT

For example:

Fri, 18 Sep 2020 14:27:05 GMT

Status codes

The table below describes HTTP status codes that can be returned in response to a request to add an ACL to a bucket.

Code

Meaning

Description

200

OK

HCP successfully added the ACL to the bucket.

400

Bad Request

Possible reasons include:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

574/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Code

Meaning

Description

You are trying to add an ACL that contains more than one hundred permission grants. A specified grantee does not exist.

The specified owner does not exist. Two grants of the same permission specify the same grantee. The x-amz-acl header specifies an invalid value. An x-amz-grant- header specifies an invalid identifier type. The XML in the ACL request body is malformed or contains an invalid value.

403 Forbidden

Possible reasons include:

The credentials provided with the request are invalid.

You do not have permission to add an ACL to the bucket. The specified bucket does not currently support the requested operation. The S3 compatible API is currently disabled for the specified bucket.. The tenant does not currently support use of the S3 compatible API for adding ACLs to a buckets.

404 Not Found

The specified bucket does not exist.

500

Internal Server Error

An internal error occurred.

If this error persists, contact your tenant administrator.

503

Service Unavailable

HCP is temporarily unable to handle the request, probably due to system overload, maintenance, or upgrade. Try the request again, gradually increasing the delay between each successive attempt.

If this error persists, contact your tenant administrator.

Example: Adding an ACL to a bucket by specifying individual grants

Here’s a sample PUT request that adds an ACL to the finance bucket by using x-amz-grant- headers. The ACL grants read permission to all users, write permission to user pdgrey, and write, read ACL, and write ACL permission to user mwhite. Request with s3curl command line