service endpoint or S3 compatible storage device endpoint represented by an extended storage component. This procedure is not applicable to NFS components.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

49/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

To view the Storage page, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, or delete extended storage components and extended storage pools, you need the

administrator role.

1. On the left side of the Storage page, click the Components tab. 2. Click the component you want. 3. Click the tab for the applicable type of access point (Buckets or Containers). 4. Click the Buckets or Containers tab, as applicable.

5. Click the bucket or container that you have created and want to update. 6. In the Select Account section that opens, select the account that you want to own the bucket.

7. Click Continue.

Deleting an unused access point from an extended storage component

To view the Storage page, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, or delete extended storage components and extended storage pools, you need the administrator role.

1. On the left side of the Storage page, click the Components tab. 2. On the Components panel, click the table row that contains the name of the component from which you want to delete an unused access point.

3. At the top of the panel that opens, click the tab that corresponds to the type of access point that’s used for the component (Mount Points, Buckets, or Containers). The AccessPointType panel opens, showing a list of access points that are currently configured for the component. A delete control ( access point.

) appears in the row for each unused

4. Click the delete control for any access point to delete it from the component.

Deleting an unused user account from an extended storage component

To view the Storage page, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, or delete extended storage components and extended storage pools, you need the administrator role.

1. On the left side of the Storage page, click the Components tab.

2. On the Components panel, click the table row that contains the name of the component from which you want to delete an unused user account. 3. At the top of the panel that opens, click the tab that corresponds to the type of access point that’s used for the component (Buckets or Containers).

4. At the top of the Buckets or Containers panel, click the Accounts tab. The Accounts panel opens, showing a list of user accounts that are currently configured for the component. A delete control ( account.

) appears in the row for each unused user

5. Click the delete control for any user account to delete it from the component.

Uploading an account certificate for CAP authentication

The C2S CAP server acts as an intermediary between HCP and AWS STS authentication. CAP looks up the user's S3 credentials based off HCP account credentials sent to CAP. If

the check passes, CAP then sends the S3 credentials to a predefined AWS STS endpoint. STS, in turn, issues a temporary token which CAP sends back to HCP.

C2S CAP authentication can only be used with the S3 compatible component. In order to use C2S CAP authentication you need to provide an account certificate.

To view the Storage page, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, or delete extended storage components and extended storage pools, you need the administrator role.

1. On the Storage > Certificates & Keys page, under the Account Certificates panel, click Browse and navigate to the location of your C2S CAP authentication certificate.

2. Click Upload Certificate. 3. Click Next.

4. Review your certificate information. 5. Click Finish.

Note: To upload an account certificate, you need the administrator role.

Pausing and resuming an extended storage component

When an extended storage component is in use, you can pause all read and write operations on the associated extended storage at any time.