Type: Dynamic The total number of delete and purge operations successfully performed in the given namespace or in any of the namespaces owned by the tenant during the reporting interval. A delete of a multipart object counts as a single delete operation. The count of delete and purge operations does not include automatic deletions of replaced parts, parts of aborted multipart uploads, or unused parts of completed multipart uploads. endTime

The end time of the reporting interval for the set of statistics in the line, in the same format as is used for the startTime value.

ingestedVolume

Type: Point in time The total size of the stored data and custom metadata, in bytes, before the data and custom metadata were added to the given namespace or to any of the namespaces owned by the tenant. multipartObject Bytes

Type: Point in time The total number of bytes of object data in all the parts of multipart objects currently stored in the given namespace or in all the namespaces owned by the tenant.

multipartObject Parts

Type: Point in time

The total number of parts of multipart objects currently stored in the given namespace or in all the namespaces owned by the tenant. multipartObjects

Type: Point in time The total number of multipart objects currently stored in the given namespace or in all the namespaces owned by the tenant.

multipartUpload Bytes

Type: Point in time The total number of bytes of object data in all the successfully uploaded parts of multipart uploads that are currently in progress in the given namespace or in all the namespaces owned by the tenant. This number does not include bytes of data in replaced parts of multipart uploads, parts uploaded for aborted multipart uploads, or unused parts of completed multipart uploads. multipartUpload Parts

Type: Point in time The total number of successfully uploaded parts of multipart uploads that are currently in progress in the given namespace or in all the namespaces owned by the tenant. This number does not include replaced parts of multipart uploads, parts uploaded for aborted multipart uploads, or unused parts of completed multipart uploads. multipartUploads

Type: Point in time The total number of multipart uploads that are currently in progress in the given namespace or in all the namespaces owned by the tenant.

namespaceName

The name of the namespace to which the set of statistics in the line applies. In lines that contain tenant statistics, this field has no value. objectCount

Type: Point in time The number of objects in the given namespace or in all the namespaces owned by the given tenant. Each version of an object counts as a separate object. The object count does not include object versions that are delete markers or delete records. Each multipart object counts as a single object. Objects that are in the process of being created by multipart uploads are not included in the object count. reads

Type: Dynamic

The total number of read operations performed in the given namespace or in any of the namespaces owned by the given tenant during the reporting interval. A read of a multipart object counts as a single read operation. startTime

The start time of the reporting interval for the set of statistics in the line, in this format: yyyy-MM-dd hh:mm:ss hh is hours on a 24-hour clock.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

270/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

For example: 2010-10-07 14:00:00

storageCapacity Used

Type: Point in time The total number of bytes occupied by stored data in the given namespace or in any of the namespaces owned by the given tenant. This includes object data, metadata, and any redundant data required to satisfy the applicable service plan. Used storage capacity includes storage occupied by the parts of in-progress multipart uploads that have already been written to HCP. Used storage does not include replaced parts of multipart uploads, parts uploaded for aborted multipart uploads, or unused parts of completed multipart uploads. systemName

The HCP domain name used for access to the content of namespaces owned by the given tenant

tenantName

Either:

The name of the tenant that owns the namespace to which the set of statistics in the line applies The name of the tenant to which the set of statistics in the line applies

valid