The permissions included in the inherited permission mask, which is the systemwide permission mask. These permissions are indicated by gray dots. The permissions included in the tenant permission mask. These permissions are indicated by orange dots. The permissions included in the effective permission mask for the tenant. These permissions are indicated by checkmarks. Tenant description

The Description section on the tenant Overview page shows the description of the tenant, if a description exists. This description is visible only in the Tenant Management Console. It is not visible to HCP system-level administrators who don’t have administrative access to the tenant.

The tenant description appears below the tenant name on the login page for the Tenant Management Console.

Configuring the tenant

Changing the tenant contact information

When creating a tenant, the HCP system administrator has the option of entering contact information for it. Once the tenant exists, both system-level administrators and tenant-level administrators can modify this information.

To view or modify the tenant contact information, you need the administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Overview.

2. On the tenant Overview page, click Contact Information. 3. In the Contact Information window, fill in the contact information. The list below describes the values you can specify. Except as indicated, all fields are optional.

First Name

First name of the tenant contact. First names can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8 characters, including white space.

Last Name

The last name of the tenant contact. Last names can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8 characters, including white space. Email

A valid email address for the tenant contact. Email addresses cannot be more than 254 characters long.

Confirm Email

A repeat of the email address for the tenant contact. This field is required if you specify an email address in the Email field.

Phone

A telephone number for the tenant contact. Do not include a telephone number extension. Instead, put the extension, if any, in the Extension field. Telephone numbers can contain only numbers, parentheses, hyphens (-), periods (.), plus signs (+), and spaces and can be up to 24 characters long (for example, (800) 123-4567). Extension

A telephone number extension for the tenant contact. Telephone number extensions can contain only numbers and can be up to five characters long.

Address Line 1

The first line of an address for the tenant contact. Address lines can be up to 100 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8 characters, including white space. Address Line 2

The second line of an address for the tenant contact.

City

The city for the tenant contact. City names can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8 characters, including white space.

State/Province

The state or province for the tenant contact. State and province names can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8 characters, including white space. Postal Code

The postal code for the tenant contact. Postal codes can be up to 64 characters long and can contain only alphanumeric characters and hyphens (-). Country

The country for the tenant contact. Country names can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8 characters, including white space.

4. Click Update Contact Info.

Changing the tenant permission mask

When a tenant is created, its data access permission mask includes all permissions. You can change the permission mask for the current tenant at any time.

To change the tenant permission mask, you need the administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Overview. 2. On the tenant Overview page, click the edit link for the Permissions section.

The Console displays a set of checkboxes for the possible permissions. The permissions that are currently in the tenant permission mask are selected.

3. Select or deselect permissions as needed to modify the permission mask.

Selecting Purge automatically selects Delete. Selecting Search automatically selects Read.

4. Click Submit.

Changing the tenant description The tenant description is optional. You can enter a description or modify the existing description at any time.

To change the tenant description, you need the administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Overview. 2. On the tenant Overview page, click the edit link for the Description section. 3. In the edit area for the description, type the new description of the tenant.