HEAD and GET for objects, object versions, annotations, ACLs, and

The version number of the HCP software.

directories

X-HCP-SymlinkTarget

HEAD and GET

The path to the target object or directory as specified when the symbolic link was created.

This header is returned only if the URL specifies a symbolic link to an object or directory.

X-HCP-Time

All except POST

The time at which HCP sent the response to the request, in seconds since January 1, 1970, at 00:00:00 UTC.

X-HCP-Type

HEAD and GET for objects, object versions, annotations, and

The entity type. One of:

directories

annotation directory

object

X-HCP-UID HEAD and GET for objects and object versions

The POSIX user ID for the object.

For objects added through the NFS protocol, this value is determined by the NFS client.

This value is an empty string if either of these are true:

The object was added through a protocol other than NFS and neither the UID nor the GID for the object has been changed.

The HCP owner of the object was changed. X-HCP-VersionId

The version ID of the object.

HEAD and GET for objects and

object versions

PUT for objects and object

versions

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

824/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Standard HTTP response headers for the REST API

In response to REST API requests, HCP returns some standard HTTP headers that address browser security concerns. Header

Value

Description

Cache-Control

Specifies directives that must be obeyed by all caching mechanisms along the

no-cache

request/response chain

no-store must-revalidate

Content-Security- Policy

Restricts the content that the browser can load to the sources specified by the header

default-src 'self' script-src 'self' value

script-src 'unsafe-eval' script-src 'unsafe- inline'

connect-src 'self' img-src 'self'

style-src 'self' style-src 'unsafe-inline'

object-src 'self' frame-ancestors 'self'

Expires

Thu, 01 Jan 1970 00:00:00 GMT

Causes the response to become stale immediately after it is sent

Pragma

no-cache

Prevents the response from being used for subsequent requests for the same resource without the browser first checking whether the resource has changed X-Content-Type- Options

nosniff

Prevents the browser from examining the returned content to determine the content MIME type

X-DNS-Prefetch- Control

off

Prevents the browser from performing domain name resolution on URLs embedded in

returned content before the URLs are requested

X-Download- Options noopen

Prevents the browser from opening resources that are downloaded through links in the

returned content

X-Frame-Options

SAMEORIGIN

Prevents the browser from rendering the returned content in a frame on a page

containing content not returned by the HCP system

X-XSS-Protection

1; mode=block

Stops the browser from loading the returned content if the browser detects reflected cross-site scripting (XSS) in the response

HCP can also return several standard HTTP response headers that are not described in the help, including Connection, Content-Disposition, Content-Encoding, and Content -Language. For more information about HTTP response headers, see the HTTP/1.1 standards, RFCs 7230 through 7237. Java classes for examples

This section of the Help contains the implementation of these Java classes that are used in examples in this book.

GZIPCompressedInputStream class

o.IOException; import java.io.InputStream;

import java.util.zip.CRC32; import java.util.zip.Deflater; import java.util.zip.DeflaterInputStream;

public class GZIPCompressedInputStream extends DeflaterInputStream {