5. At the bottom of the page, click Update Settings.

Adding a storage tier to a service plan

You configure any storage plan to define up to four different storage tiers, including the ingest tier. To view existing service plans and monitor storage usage for storage tiers defined for one or more service plans, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, retire,

and delete service plans, you need the administrator role.

1. On the left side of the Storage page, click the Service Plans tab. 2. On the Service Plans panel, click the service plan for which you want to configure a new storage tier.

3. At the top of the panel that opens, click the Tiers tab. 4. On the Tiers panel, click Add Tier. The Add Tier wizard opens.

5. On the Transition page in the wizard, use the appropriate fields to set these transition criteria:

The object age (number of days since ingest) at which one or more copies of the object data must be moved from the previous tier onto this tier. For service plans that define two tiers only, including the ingest tier, select whether a threshold will be applied to the second tier. If it is applied, the percentage of primary running storage capacity that must be used (the threshold) before object data can be moved to the second storage tier.

For HCP systems with replication enabled, whether objects must be fully replicated before they can be transitioned from the previous tier onto this tier. If replication is disabled for the HCP system, this transition criterion does not appear in the HCP System Management Console.

6. Click Next.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3 63/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

7. On the Options page in the wizard, use the applicable fields to specify:

Whether to enable rehydration for the new storage tier, and if so, the number of days an object must remain on the ingest tier after it’s rehydrated. Whether to make this storage tier metadata-only.

8. Click Next. 9. Take one of these actions:

If in step 7 above, you did not select the option to make this tier metadata-only, on the Storage Pools page:

The wizard displays a table containing a list of all of the storage pools that you can include in the storage tier, along with a check box that corresponds to each storage pool in the list. Use the checkboxes in the left column in the table to select one or more storage pools to be included in the tier. A dropdown list box appears next to the name of each storage pool you select. Use these fields to specify the number of copies of object data that HCP must maintain on each storage pool for each object that’s moved to the storage tier you’re configuring. The total number of copies of object data that must be stored

on each pool is the DPL for the storage tier. In the Metadata Copies on Primary Storage field, specify the primary running storage MPL for the new tier. This is the number of copies of the object metadata

that HCP must maintain on primary running storage for each object that’s moved to the new storage tier. At the bottom of the page, select I Understand to indicate that you understand the consequences of moving all copies of the object data to the new tier.

If in step 7 above, you selected the option to make this tier metadata-only, on the Storage Pools page: In the Metadata Copies on Primary Running Storage field, specify the primary running storage MPL for the new tier. This is the number of copies of the object metadata that HCP must maintain on primary running storage for each object that’s moved to the new storage tier.

Select I Understand to indicate that you understand the consequences of moving all copies of the object data to the new tier. In this case, this statement means that you understand that the DPL of the new tier is zero, so all copies of the object data will be deleted for each object that’s moved to the new tier.

10. Click Next.

11. On the Review page in the wizard, review the storage tier configuration settings that you specified in the wizard. 12. Take one of the following actions: If the information you entered is correct, click Finish.