If the problem persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider. One or more nodes have one or more network interfaces for networks in which the nodes do not have IP addresses. Check the Networks page to see which networks have this problem. Then restart those networks. If the problem persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider. Network warning

One or more nodes are experiencing problems with one or more of their networks. Possible causes for this alert include:

The current MTU for one or more networks on one or more nodes does not match the configured MTU. If the problem is with a user-defined network, restart the network. If that doesn’t resolve the problem, reboot the applicable nodes. If the problem persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider. The current speed of the [hcp_system] network on one or more nodes does not match the configured speed. contact your authorized HCP service provider. (This alert does not apply if the [hcp_system] network speed is set to auto.) The current speed of the [hcp_backend] network on one or more nodes is not the maximum speed possible for that network. contact your authorized HCP service provider.

No external time server configured HCP is configured to use itself as a time server. For HCP to work with AD, HCP time must be within five minutes of AD time. The recommended configuration is for HCP and AD to use the same external time server.

No Key Distribution Center found

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

199/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

HCP cannot find a Key Distribution Center for the AD domain specified in the HCP AD configuration. Ensure that AD is correctly configured in your DNS. If the problem persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider.

No LDAP server found

HCP cannot find an LDAP server for the AD domain specified in the HCP AD configuration. Ensure that AD is correctly configured in your DNS. If the problem persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Nonreplicating object detected One or more nonreplicating objects have been detected. The objects have either remained in the open state for too long or are irreparable. If this occurs, contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Partial network assigned

One or more tenants are associated with a partial network for management or data access purposes. The load from client requests for access to those tenants or their namespaces is not being fully distributed across the nodes in the HCP system. Check the Tenants page to see which tenants have partial networks. Then either reconfigure each network to assign IP addresses to all nodes in the HCP system, or select different networks for the affected tenants.

Partial network assigned to replication The network selected for replication is a partial network. The load from replication activity is not being fully distributed across the nodes in the system. Check the replication Settings page to see which network is selected for replication. Then either reconfigure that network to assign IP addresses to all nodes in the HCP system, or select a different network for replication. Power supply failure

One or more power supplies are not working on one or more nodes or CB 320 server chassis. Contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Processor failure

IPMI sensors are detecting one or more nodes with processors that are not working. Contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Regions per node is low

HCP storage management is currently not configured for optimal performance.

To resolve this issue, contact your authorized HCP service provider. Remote storage almost full

Primary running storage space on the remote system for a replication link is at least 90% used. Consider adding more primary running storage capacity to the remote system or changing storage tiering strategies on that system to create more space in the existing primary running storage. For an active/active link, this alert appears only in the System Management Console for the local system.

For an active/passive link, this alert appears only in the System Management Console for the primary system.

Remote storage full (link suspended) Primary running storage space on the remote system for a replication link is 94% used. The remote system cannot act on any more replication data transmissions from the local system. HCP has automatically suspended activity on the link Either add more primary running storage capacity to the remote system, or change storage tiering strategies on that system to create more space in the existing primary running storage. Then resume activity on the link.