change-time

The value of the POSIX ctime attribute for the object. You can retrieve, but not change, the value of this property.

creation-time

The date and time the object was stored in the namespace.

You can retrieve, but not change, the value of this property. domain

If the object is owned by an Active Directory user, the domain in which the user account of the object owner is defined. You can retrieve, but not change, the value of this property.

dpl

The object data protection level.

You can retrieve, but not change, the value of this property.

gid

The POSIX group ID for the object. You can retrieve, but not change, the value of this property.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

791/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

has-acl

An indication of whether the object has an ACL, either true (has an ACL) or false (does not have an ACL). You can retrieve, but not change, the value of this property. hash-scheme

The name of the cryptographic hash algorithm used to calculate the cryptographic hash value for the object. You can retrieve, but not change, the value of this property.

hash-value

The cryptographic hash value for the object.

You can retrieve, but not change, the value of this property. index

The index setting for the object, either true (index) or false (don’t index). To change this value, specify true or false.

mode

The POSIX permissions for the object as an octal value.

You can retrieve, but not change, the value of this property.

owner

The user that owns the object.

If this property specifies an Active Directory user, the domain property is also returned. You can retrieve, but not change, the value of this property. replication

An indication of whether the object has been replicated, either true (replicated) or false (not replicated). You can retrieve, but not change, the value of this property.

replication-collision

An indication of whether the object is flagged as a replication collision, either true (flagged) or false (not flagged). retention-class

The name of the retention class for the object (such as HlthReg-107). To change this value, specify a valid retention class name.

retention-hold

The hold status for the object, either true (on hold) or false (not on hold). You can retrieve, but not change, the value of this property. retention-string

Deletion Allowed, Deletion Prohibited, Initial Unspecified, or a date and time in this format:

yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ssZ

In this format, Z represents the offset from UTC and is specified as:

(+|-)hhmm

To change this value, specify any of these values, any of the valid values for the retention-value property, or an offset. retention-value

0, -1, -2, or seconds since January 1, 1970 at 00:00:00. To change this value, you can specify any of these values, any of the valid values for the retention-string property, or an offset.

shred

The shred setting for the object, either true (shred) or false (don’t shred).

uid

The POSIX user ID for the object.

You can retrieve, but not change, the value of this property. update-time

The value of the POSIX mtime attribute for the object.

You can retrieve, but not change, the value of this property.

Storing dead properties as custom metadata

HCP can be configured to store WebDAV dead properties as custom metadata for an object. When HCP is configured this way, you use the PROPPATCH and PROPFIND methods to store and retrieve dead properties just as you do for live properties.

This is the only way HCP can store dead properties. If a namespace is not configured to store dead properties as custom metadata and you try to store dead properties, HCP returns an HTTP 404 (Not Found) error code.

To have a namespace configured to store dead properties as custom metadata file, contact your tenant administrator.