10. When prompted, save the .zip file containing the downloaded logs in the location of your choice.

Note: If the System Management Console session times out due to inactivity before the prompt to save the file appears, the download fails. If this happens, increase the inactivity timeout interval; then try the download again..

11. Take one of these actions:

To create another .zip file that contains the internal logs you just generated for any or all of the HCP storage nodes, repeat Step 4 through Step 7 above. Note: You can perform any number of log download procedures for the time frame that you selected in Step 2, and you can download these logs for each node any number of times. If you’re finished downloading all of the internal logs you need, or if you need to prepare the logs again before downloading any additional logs, click Cancel.

The Internal Logs page displays a success message and collapses the Mark Internal Logs and Download Internal Logs panels on the page. System Management Console Alerts

The HCP System Management Console uses icons with hover text, called alerts, to provide high-level health status reports for specific elements of the HCP system and to identify problems that need your attention.

System Management Console alerts are displayed on the Overview, Hardware, Storage Node, Storage, Networks, Tenants, Domains and Certificates, and Authentication pages.

The Console uses two types of alert icons: System health icons: Indicate the current health of one or more elements of the HCP system, such as the metadata query engine or the power supplies for a storage node. These icons appear on the Overview, Hardware, Storage Node, Tenants, Domains and Certificates, and Active Directory pages. System health icons on the Overview, Storage Node, and Active Directory pages are also accompanied by text. Error and warning icons: Indicate error and warning conditions related to one or more elements of the HCP system. This type of icon appears only when an error or warning condition exists. These icons appear on the Storage and Networks pages.

This help section describes the alerts that can display on the Console pages and provides guidance on how to respond to alerts that indicate problems.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

194/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help Overview page alerts

The System Management Console uses system health icons for alerts that appear on the Overview page. These alerts are described in the following table. The alerts are listed alphabetically by their hover text.

Abnormal temperature

IPMI sensors are detecting one or more nodes with temperature readings outside the recommended range. Abnormal voltage

IPMI sensors are detecting one or more nodes with voltage readings outside the recommended range.

Active Directory certificates expire soon

One or more AD SSL certificates will expire within 90 days. If a certificate expires, communication with AD may fail. To ensure that communication with AD is not disrupted, export a new SSL certificate from AD and upload it to HCP.

Active Directory certificates expire soon

One or more AD SSL certificates will expire within 30 days. If a certificate expires, communication with AD may fail.

To ensure that communication with AD is not disrupted, export a new SSL certificate from AD and upload it to HCP. Active Directory secure connection issue

HCP could not communicate with AD due to a problem with the AD SSL server certificate uploaded to HCP. Make sure that you have the correct certificate. Then upload the certificate again on the Active Directory page in the HCP System Management Console. If the problem persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider.

AD credentials invalid

The credentials for the HCP computer account used to query AD for groups are invalid. Reconfigure support for AD on the Active Directory page in the HCP System Management Console. The recommended procedure is to specify an HCP computer account that does not already exist in AD, thereby allowing the account to be created automatically.

AD partially configured

AD authentication is enabled only for the default namespace and is not currently supported for HCP namespaces. This can happen after an upgrade, where the CIFS protocol was enabled for the default namespace with AD authentication before the upgrade occurred. To enable support for AD for HCP namespaces, enable HCP support for AD on the Active Directory page in the HCP System Management Console.

All metadata is intact

HCP policies have found no problems with object metadata.

All objects are intact

HCP services have found no problems with object data.