of the default namespace is always Default.

You can create the default tenant and namespace only if allowed to do so by the HCP system configuration. Default tenant and namespace properties

When creating the default tenant and namespace, you specify:

Optionally, a description of the tenant. For example, you can use a description to specify the purpose of the tenant.

You can change this description at any time after you create the tenant and namespace.

Optionally, contact information for the tenant. For example, you can specify contact information for the primary person responsible for administering the default tenant and namespace.

You can change this information at any time after you create the tenant and namespace. You can change it either from the System Management Console or from the Tenant Management Console for the default tenant.

The cryptographic hash algorithm used to calculate the hash value for each object in the namespace. After creating the tenant and namespace, you cannot change the hash algorithm. The retention mode for the namespace — either enterprise or compliance. Tenant administrators can use the Tenant Management Console to change this setting from enterprise to compliance. However, they cannot do the reverse. Whether the namespace is search-enabled. Tenant administrators can use the Tenant Management Console to change this setting at any time.

The service plan for the namespace. Tenant administrators can change use the Tenant Management Console to change this setting at any time. Default tenant and namespace creation procedure

To create an HCP tenant or the default tenant and namespace, you need the administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu of the System Management Console, click Tenants.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

94/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

2. On the Tenants page, click Create Tenant.

The Create Tenant panel opens.

3. In the Create Tenant panel, select Make default tenant/namespace.

The Create Tenant panel changes to show the applicable options for the default tenant.

4. In the Create Tenant panel:

a. Optionally, in the Description field, type a description of the tenant.

The description can be up to 1,024 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space.

b. Optionally, specify contact information for the tenant: i. Click Contact Information. ii. In the Contact Information panel, fill in the contact information. The table below describes the values that you can specify. Except as indicated, all fields are

optional.

Field

Description

First Name

First name of the tenant contact. First names can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8 characters, including white space. Last Name

The last name of the tenant contact. Last names can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8 characters, including white space.

Email

A valid email address for the tenant contact. Email addresses cannot be more than 254 characters long.

Confirm Email A repeat of the email address for the tenant contact. This field is required if you specify an email address in the Email field. Phone

A telephone number for the tenant contact. Do not include a telephone number extension. Instead, put the extension, if any, in the

Extension field.

Telephone numbers can contain only numbers, parentheses, hyphens (-), periods (.), plus signs (+), and spaces and can be up to 24 characters long (for example, (800) 123-4567). Extension

A telephone number extension for the tenant contact. Telephone number extensions can contain only numbers and can be up to five characters long.

Address Line 1

The first line of an address for the tenant contact. Address lines can be up to 100 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8 characters, including white space. Address Line

The second line of an address for the tenant contact.

2

City

The city for the tenant contact. City names can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8 characters, including white space.

State/Province The state or province for the tenant contact. State and province names can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8

characters, including white space. Postal Code

The postal code for the tenant contact. Postal codes can be up to 64 characters long and can contain only alphanumeric characters and hyphens (-). Country