345/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

1. (Optional) Filter the list of tenants in the Local Tenants or section, as applicable.

2. In the applicable list, select the tenants you want to add to the link. To select all the tenants in the list, click Select All above the list. To deselect all the selected tenants, click Clear above the list.

3. Click Update Link.

If you’re removing tenants from the link, a confirming message appears.

4. In the window with the confirming message, select I understand to confirm that you understand the consequences of your action. Then click Update Link.

Removing HCP tenants in an active/passive link

The link content Tenants panel for an active/passive link has these sections: Tenants Replicating

Lists the HCP tenants already included on the link.

Local Tenants

For outbound links only, lists the HCP tenants on the local system that are eligible for replication but not currently included on the link. This list does not include tenants that are either:

Read-only on the local system due to replication Included on a link that is chained into the current link

This section is not present for inbound links. Remote Tenants

For inbound links only, lists the HCP tenants on the other system involved in the link that are eligible for replication but not currently included on the link. This list does not

include tenants that are either:

Read-only on the other system due to replication

Included on a link that is chained into the current link

This section is not present for outbound links.

If a tenant has granted system-level users administrative access to itself, the row for the tenant shows the number of the tenant's namespaces that are selected for replication.

1. (Optional) Filter the list of tenants in the Tenants Replicating section. 2. In the list of replicating tenants, select the tenants you want to remove from the link. To select all the tenants in the list, click Select All above the list. To deselect all the selected tenants, click Clear above the list.

3. Click Update Link.

If you’re removing tenants from the link, a confirming message appears. 4. In the window with the confirming message, select I understand to confirm that you understand the consequences of your action. Then click Update Link.

Important: Removing a tenant from an Active-Passive replication link on the Active site followed by its deletion from the Passive site can result in lost data if, in the future, an Active/Active replication link is created between the same clusters and the same tenant is added to that link.

Selecting HCP namespaces for tenants in an active/passive link

You select and deselect HCP namespaces for replication in the Manage Namespaces window for the tenant that owns the namespaces. To open this window, in the link content

Tenants panel, click the manage namespaces control ( itself.

) for the owning tenant. This control is present only if the tenant has granted system-level users administrative access to

When you start from an active/passive link, the Manage Namespaces window has these sections: Namespaces Selected for Replication

Lists the tenant's namespaces that are currently selected for replication. Important:

In the Namespaces Selected for Replication section, rows containing namespaces that have been deleted from HCP are highlighted in red and have a trash can icon

(

) on the right. HCP automatically removes each deleted namespace from this list after the deletion has been replicated.

Do not manually remove deleted namespaces from this list. If you do, the deletion will not be replicated.

Disabling replication for a namespace that has already been replicated may cause object data in that namespace to become inaccessible on one or more systems in the replication topology. Select Namespaces for Replication

Lists the tenant's namespaces that are not currently selected for replication.

To close the Manage Namespaces window without taking any action, click the close control ( ) in the upper right corner.

1. (Optional) Filter the list of namespaces in the Select Namespaces for Replication section. 2. For each listed namespace you want to select for replication, click in the namespace row. The namespace is selected, and the namespace row changes color.

To select all the namespaces in the list, click Select All above the list. To deselect a selected namespace, click in the namespace row.