Enabling email notification

You can configure HCP to send email about log messages.

To view the Email page, you need the monitor, administrator, security, or compliance role. To configure email notification and test the connection to the email server, you need the administrator or security role.

1. On the Email page, select Enable email notification. 2. Specify the email server through which you want HCP to send email. 3. Optionally, test the email server settings. 4. Optionally, change the format of the email to be sent.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

176/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

5. Specify one or more recipients to receive email about log messages.

Specifying the email server

You can specify the email server through which you want HCP to send email about log messages. To view the Email page, you need the monitor, administrator, security, or compliance role. To configure email notification and test the connection to the email server, you need the administrator or security role.

1. On the Email page, click SMTP Settings. 2. In the SMTP Settings panel:

a. In the Host field, type the host name or IP address that you want HCP to use to connect to the email server. b. In the Port field, type the port on which the email server listens for email messages. c. In the Security field, select the security protocol used by the email server (SSL or STARTTLS) or None if the email server doesn’t use a security protocol. d. If the email server is configured to require authentication, select Authenticated.

Then, in the Username field, type the user name for an email account that’s authorized to establish the connection between HCP and the email server. In the Password field, type the password for the email account. If you have previously set a password and you leave the password field empty, the previously set password is replaced by no password. 3. Optionally, test the email server settings. 4. In the SMTP Settings panel, click Update Settings.

Testing the connection to the email server

Testing causes HCP to send an email to an address that you specify. This email comes from the email address specified in the From field in the Message Settings section on the Email page. The email subject is “Test email from HCP.”

To view the Email page, you need the monitor, administrator, security, or compliance role. To configure email notification and test the connection to the email server, you need the administrator or security role.

1. On the Email page, in the Test Email Notification window, type the email address to which you want HCP to send the test email.

2. Click Send.

Constructing the email message template

The content of the email messages HCP sends is determined by the message template specified in the Message Settings section on the Email page. You can modify this template at any time. The Message Preview section shows a sample email that uses the current template.

The email template has three fields, each of which can be filled in with any combination of plain text and email template variables:

The From field specifies the content of the email From line. This field must have a value. That value must have the form of a valid email address.

Some email servers require that the value in the From line be an email address that is already known to the server.

The Subject field specifies the content of the email Subject line. This field must have a value. For the email template subject, plain text can include spaces but not line breaks or tabs.

The Body field specifies the body of the email. This field is optional.

For the email template body, plain text can include spaces and line breaks but not tabs. The character sequence consisting of a backslash (\) followed by a lowercase n creates a line break.

Modifying the template HCP uses for email notification about log messages

To view the Email page, you need the monitor, administrator, security, or compliance role. To configure email notification and test the connection to the email server, you need the administrator or security role.

1. On the Email page, in the From, Subject, and Body fields in the Message Settings section, specify the values that you want to use.