Certificate is expired

The certificate has expired and is no longer valid. Delete the certificate.

Certificate is expiring

The certificate will expire within 90 days. Make sure the domain has at least one certificate that will be valid when this certificate expires.

Common name for certificate does not match domain name

The common name of the certificate does not represent a subdomain of the domain with which the certificate is associated. The certificate is invalid. If a domain has no valid certificates, clients must accept the invalid certificate presented by HCP for access to namespaces in that domain. If the domain associated with the replication network has no valid certificates, replication fails. Make sure that domain has at least one valid certificate. Then delete the certificate with the common name mismatch.

Active directory page alerts

Active Directory page alerts are listed alphabetically by their hover text.

Active Directory enabled for default namespace only Either:

AD authentication is enabled only for the default namespace and is not currently supported for HCP namespaces. This can happen after an upgrade, where the CIFS protocol was enabled for the default namespace with AD authentication before the upgrade occurred.

To enable support for AD for HCP namespaces, enable HCP support for AD on the Active Directory page in the HCP System Management Console.

In the username mapping file used by the CIFS protocol for the default namespace, one or more usernames map to the same UID. Only one username can map to any given UID. Active Directory secure connection issue

HCP could not communicate with AD due to a problem with the AD SSL server certificate uploaded to HCP. Make sure you have the correct certificate, then upload the certificate again on the Active Directory page in the HCP System Management Console. If the problem persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider. Cannot access Key Distribution Center

HCP cannot access the Key Distribution Center in the AD domain specified in the HCP AD configuration. Check that both the AD domain controller and the network connection between HCP and that AD domain controller are healthy.

If they both appear to be working properly, contact your authorized HCP service provider. Cannot access LDAP server

HCP cannot access the LDAP server for the AD domain specified in the HCP AD configuration. Check that both the LDAP server and the network connection between HCP and that server are healthy. If they both appear to be working properly, contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Could not establish connection with Active Directory - add certificate again

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

209/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

HCP could not communicate with AD due to a problem with the AD SSL server certificate uploaded to HCP. Make sure you have the correct certificate, then upload the certificate again on the Active Directory page in the HCP System Management Console. If the problem persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider.

DNS correctly configured

HCP is configured to use DNS.

DNS is not enabled. Active Directory requires DNS be enabled. HCP is not configured to use DNS. For HCP to work with AD, HCP must be configured as a subdomain in your DNS.

HCP computer account missing

The HCP computer account is missing from the AD domain. Reconfigure HCP support for AD on the Active Directory page in the HCP System Management Console.

IP lookup failed for Active Directory server server-name

HCP was unable to do an IP lookup of an IP address used to communicate with the AD domain controller for either the Key Distribution Center or the LDAP server. Make sure the DNS configuration includes all A and AAAA records needed to resolve the IP addresses that HCP uses to communicate with the indicated domain controller.

No external time server configured. Active Directory recommends an external time server.

HCP is configured to use itself as a time server. For HCP to work with AD, HCP time must be within five minutes of AD time. The recommended configuration is HCP HCP and AD to use the same external time server. No Key Distribution Center found

HCP cannot find a Key Distribution Center in the AD domain specified in the HCP AD configuration. Make sure AD is configured correctly in your DNS. If the problem persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider.

No LDAP server found

HCP cannot find an LDAP server in the AD domain specified in the HCP AD configuration. Make sure AD is configured correctly in your DNS.