Spindown

Broken — The volume is experiencing errors or has failed and requires replacement. Contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Spindown Migrating — The Migration service is migrating data off the volume. NFS

Available — The volume is mounted, available, and functioning properly.

(External)

NFS

Initializing — The volume is starting up but is not yet accessible.

(External)

NFS

(External)

Broken — HCP cannot mount the volume. Possible reasons include the exported share is not configured correctly, or the NFS server is not running on

the device. Check the export configuration and verify that the NFS server is running. If the configuration is correct and the NFS server is running,

ensure that the device is functioning properly and that the network connecting HCP to the device is healthy.

If this status persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider. NFS

(External)

Unavailable — HCP is in the process of mounting, updating, or deleting the volume. If you just created or updated the volume and the volume status

does not quickly change to available or broken, try remounting the volume.

If this status persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider for help. The following information applies to the logical volume display:

Each node also has a logical volume for the operating system; however, that logical volume is not included in this display. For HCP with SAN-attached storage systems that also have internal storage, this display does not include the logical volumes on the internal drives.

When a logical volume is removed from a node, the System Management Console might not show the change immediately. Heavy read or write activity causes more

access to HCP storage and results in faster detection of the volume removal. Volume Usage

A graphical representation of the amount of primary storage currently in use compared to the total amount of primary storage that is managed by the node. The Volume

Usage column also displays text indicating the total number of bytes of primary storage and the percent of primary storage space that is currently in use.

For each node that was permanently removed from the system, the first column in the display shows Removed.

For each HCP S Series Node associated with the HCP system, the S Series Nodes list on the Hardware > Nodes page shows: Name

The name of the S Series Node.

Serial Number

The serial number of the HCP S Series Node.

Model

The type of S Series Node. Possible models are:

S11

S10

S30

S31

Status

The node status. Possible values are:

Normal

The S Series Node is running and has no problems that require attention. Degraded

The S Series Node has one or more noncritical problems that may require attention.

Critical

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

31/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The S Series Node has one or more critical problems that require attention.

Unavailable

The S Series Node is either not running, starting up but not yet able to perform functions, or shutting down and no longer able to perform functions. If an S Series

Node is unavailable because of a hardware problem, you might be able to determine the cause by reviewing the Hardware Status section on the individual Overview page.

Alerts

None, one, or more icons representing components that are experiencing problems.

Capacity

A graphical representation of the amount of storage that is currently in use compared to the total amount of storage that is on the node. The Capacity column also displays

text indicating the total number of bytes of storage and the percent of storage space that is currently in use.

Monitoring individual HCP general nodes

Each HCP general node has its own page on the HCP System Management Console that shows detailed information about the node. The page title indicates the node number and the node status.

To view an individual HCP general node page, you need the monitor, administrator, security, service, or compliance role.

1. Go to the Hardware > Nodes page.

2. Click the node that you want to examine. Monitoring individual HCP S Series Nodes