a. In the Name field, type a name for the link.

Link names must be from one through 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8 characters, including white space. Link names are not case sensitive. Link names must be unique within a replication topology.

b. (Optional) n the Description field, type a description for the link. The description can be up to 1,024 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space.

4. Click Next. 5. On the wizard Settings page: In the Link Type section:

To create an active/active link, select Active/Active. To create an active/passive link for which the system where you’re creating the link is the primary system, select Outbound. To create an active/passive link for which the system where you’re creating the link is the replica, select Inbound. In the Data Transfer section:

Optionally, to compress data before it’s transmitted from one system to the other, select Compress data.

Compressing data increases network throughput but also increases processing time. Therefore, because compression applies to all transmitted data, you should enable compression only if most of the data being replicated is compressible.

To enable or disable the encryption of data before it’s transmitted from one system to the other, select or deselect Encrypt data.

By default, data encryption is enabled on replication links. Encryption keeps the data confidential during transmission. The transmitted data is automatically decrypted on the target system. If you have disabled encryption on replication links and want to enable it again, select Encrypt data. If you have disabled encryption on replication links, data is transmitted unencrypted, even if the data is encrypted on the system sending the data. Regardless of whether the data is encrypted before transmission, the data is still secured by SSL during transmission.

If the HCP system does not support HTTPS for data transmission, the Encrypt data option is not present. In the Replication Priority section:

To have the Replication service balance its processing time evenly across the namespaces being replicated, select Balanced across namespaces. To replicate objects with the oldest changes first, regardless of which namespaces they’re in, select Oldest object first.

6. Click Next. 7. On the wizard Connection page:

In the Remote Hostname or IP Addresses field, type either the domain name of the other system you want to participate in the link or one or more comma-separated

IP addresses of storage nodes in that system. For the domain name, use either of these formats: replication.hcp-domain-name

replication.admin.hcp-domain-name

In these formats, hcp-domain-name must be the name of the domain associated with the network that’s selected for replication on the other system. For example, if

the domain name is hcp-ca.example.com, you specify this in the Remote Hostname or IP Addresses field when using the second format shown above: replication.admin.hcp-ca.example.com

If you specify IP addresses for one or more nodes, they must be IP addresses in the network that’s selected for replication on the other system.

Note: If you specify a domain name, the system where you’re creating the link transmits data to all storage nodes in the other system. If you specify IP addresses, the system where you’re creating the link transmits data to only those nodes. Therefore, you should specify IP addresses only if you have a compelling reason to do so (for example, HCP is not using DNS, or you need to reduce the processing load on some number of nodes). (Optional) To specify a different port for the other system to listen on or to specify network address translation (NAT) information for the system where you’re creating

the link, click Advanced Configuration. Then, in the Advanced Configuration section, as applicable: In the Remote Port field, type the number of the port on which the other system will listen for data from the system where you’re creating the link. The default port is 5748. Typically, you specify a different port only if other port usage makes using a different port necessary. If the system where you’re creating the link uses NAT for communication with the other system, specify the target for data transmissions from the other system: