33/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Figure. G11-BaseT-FE SFP+BE Interfaces

Figure. G11-SFP+ FE and SFP+ BE Interfaces

Figure. G11-SFP+FE BaseT-BE Interfaces Status

The status of the node. Possible values are:

Available

The node is running.

Unavailable

The node is either not running, starting up but not yet able to perform HCP functions, or shutting down and no longer able to perform HCP functions.

Migrating

The Migration service is currently migrating data out of the storage managed by the node.

If the status of a node changes spontaneously from available to unavailable and the node does not restart automatically, contact your authorized HCP service provider. Do

not attempt to restart the node manually; doing so could cause the loss of information needed to diagnose the problem. Last Status Update Time

The time of the last update to the node status.

Node ID

The number assigned to the node.

[hcp_system]

All IPv4 and IPv6 addresses assigned to the node for the [hcp_system] network.

[hcp_management]

All IPv4 and IPv6 addresses assigned to the node for the [hcp_management] network. [hcp_backend]

The IP address assigned to the node for the [hcp_backend] network.

Boot Time

The date and time the node last started.

Usage/Capacity

The total amount of storage space on all of the primary storage volumes managed by the node and the amount of that primary storage space that’s currently in use. Memory

The amount of RAM in the node.

Swap

The status of the swappable memory in the node:

Using

The amount of storage set aside for swappable memory, in GB, and the percentage of that amount that’s currently in use

Pages In

The number of pages currently swapped in

Pages Out

The number of pages currently swapped out Load Average

The average process workload on the node over the past minute, five minutes, and 15 minutes. The load average is based on all processes, regardless of their current state

(for example, running, waiting for CPU time, or sleeping). CPU

Make and model of the CPUs in the node, listed one per line. The CPUs are numbered and are listed in numeric order starting with CPU 0.

File systems on storage devices managed by a node

The Hardware Status section on the Storage Node page for any given node shows the number of file systems the node supports on primary storage and the number of physical

storage devices to which those file systems are mapped. When you click x file systems on y storage devices, the Console displays the following information for each file system on

the physical storage that’s managed by the node you’re currently examining:

The directory path that identifies the file system

Whether or not the file system is currently mounted

Each level of mapping that ultimately associates the file system with one or more low-level block devices Some device diagnostic information, if available. For example, for configurations that include SSDs, the SSD expected write life remaining. https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

34/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Additional RAID-specific information, if available

Additionally, for HCP with SAN-attached storage systems, the details include this information for each low-level block device: vendor, array type, serial number, device number, and worldwide port number.

Note: For HCP with SAN-attached storage systems that also have internal storage, the number of file systems includes those located on the internal drives.

For HCP with SAN-attached storage systems, if multipathing is degraded, one or more of the low-level block devices will be missing from the display details. IPMI information

Intelligent Platform Management Interface (IPMI) is a specification that defines a method of monitoring the internal hardware components of a server. If IPMI is implemented on a

node, sensors in that node can detect abnormal conditions such as a high fan speed or a failed power supply.