To help with troubleshooting, you can download the internal logs and send them to your HCP support center. For ease of handling, HCP downloads the logs into a single file.

HCP keeps internal logs for at most 90 days. You can download the logs for any length of time within that period. When taking this action, be sure to include all the days on which you observed problems with the system. When downloading the logs, you can provide a message for the support center. This message should include a description of the problem, your contact information, the applicable case number (if one has been assigned), and any other information that can help support personnel resolve the problem.

Encryption for logs is disabled by default. In order to enable encryption contact your HCP support provider. If encryption is enabled, only HCP support personnel have the key required to decrypt the logs.

Important: Downloading the internal logs puts a heavy load on the HCP system. Do not take this action unless explicitly told to do so by HCP support personnel.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

193/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help You use the Internal Logs page in the HCP System Management Console to insert comments into and download the HCP internal logs. To display this page, in the top-level menu of the System Management Console, select Monitoring > Internal Logs.

Adding a comment to the internal logs

To insert comments into the internal logs, you need the monitor, administrator, or security role. To download the HCP internal logs, you need the administrator role.

To insert a comment into the HCP internal logs:

1. On the Internal Logs page, click Mark Internal Logs. 2. In the Insert this message into the internal logs field in the Mark Internal Logs panel, type the comment text. This text can be up to 1,024 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space.

3. Click Mark Internal Logs.

Downloading internal logs for one or more storage nodes You can download the internal logs for both HCP General and S Series Nodes. For HCP S Series Node logs, you cannot choose what type of log to download; they are all downloaded at once. S Series Node logs appear in their own separate Storage Preparation Status panel. If the HCP system doesn’t use S Series Nodes, this panel is not visible.

To prepare and download the HCP Software logs:

1. On the Internal Logs page, click Download Internal Logs to expand that section on the page. 2. In the Download Internal Logs section:

a. Use the Start Date and End Date fields to specify the start and end dates for the time period for which you want to generate the internal logs. For the date format, use

mm/dd/yyyy. Note: The time period for which HCP generates the internal logs includes the specified start and end dates.

b. Optional) in the Insert this message into the internal logs field, type a message to be inserted into the logs before they’re downloaded and to be included in the manifest that accompanies the downloaded logs. This text can be up to 1,024 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space.

3. Click Prepare Internal Logs.

HCP prepares the logs for downloading. During this process, in the Download Internal Logs panel, the active Prepare Internal Logs button changes to a grayed-out Download Internal Logs button, and the panel displays the Preparation Status table, which lists the nodes in the HCP system in numeric order (by node number), and reports on the status of the log preparation process on each node. You do not need to remain on the Internal Logs page during the log preparation process. Note: HCP can perform only one log preparation operation at a time. When HCP finishes preparing the logs, the node and S Series Node Preparation Status tables show the status of each node in the HCP system, and the checkboxes at the end of each row become selectable. Tip: If you want to prepare the logs again before you download them (for example, to prepare the logs for a different time period), click Cancel to reactivate the Prepare Internal Logs button.

4. In the Choose type of log for download panel, select the type or types of logs you want to download. The possible log types are: