Increases tiering performance from the HCP system to HCP S Series Nodes or external storage devices by isolating their communication to an individual forward-facing HCP network. Each HCP S Series Node or external device can use its own network to communicate with HCP.

Protection service

Ensures that damaged or lost objects can be recovered.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

104/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Replication service

Maintains selected tenants and namespaces on two or more HCP systems and manages the objects in the selected namespaces across those systems to ensure data availability and enable disaster recovery. You can configure, monitor, and control the activity of this service. Replication Verification service

Replicates objects that the Replication service missed replicating or was unable to replicate.

HCP S Series Balancing service

Ensures that the percent of space used across S Series Nodes in a pool remains roughly equivalent.

Scavenging service

Ensures that the metadata for each object exists and is not corrupted.

Shredding service

Shreds deleted objects that are marked for shredding. Storage Tiering service

Moves objects among storage tiers, creates and deletes copies of objects on various storage tiers to ensure that each tier contains the correct number of copies of each object, and changes objects to metadata-only according to rules in service plans.

Service precedence

Some services take precedence over others.

On any given node, the Capacity Balancing service takes precedence over the Scavenging service. If the Scavenging service is running when the Capacity Balancing service starts, the Scavenging service stops. When the Capacity Balancing service stops, the Scavenging service automatically restarts, providing that it is scheduled to run at that time. On any given node, the Migration service takes precedence over the Capacity Balancing service. If the Capacity Balancing service is running when the Migration service starts, the Capacity Balancing service stops. It does not restart automatically when the Migration service stops. On any given node, the Protection service takes precedence over the Compression/Encryption and Content Verification services. If either of these services is running when the Protection service starts, the service that was running stops. When the Protection service stops, each service that stopped automatically restarts, provided that the service is scheduled to run at that time. Metadata storage

To fully understand how certain services work, you need to know how HCP manages metadata.

When you add an object, upload part of a multipart object, or add a directory or symbolic link to a namespace, the following events occur.

1. HCP creates primary metadata for the item being added. This metadata consists of information HCP already knows, such as the creation date, and for objects and parts only, the data size, hash algorithm, and cryptographic hash value generated by that algorithm. It also includes metadata that was either inherited or specified in the write request, such as retention setting, UID, and GID. 2. HCP creates a second copy of the primary metadata. HCP then distributes both copies of the primary metadata among the HCP general nodes. 3. For objects and parts of objects: HCP creates the number of copies of the object data or part data required to satisfy the ingest tier data protection level (DPL) in the service plan associated with the namespace. If the ingest tier is primary running storage, HCP distributes all copies of the data among the HCP storage nodes. If the ingest tier is HCP S Series

storage, HCP writes all copies of the data to that storage.

Each copy of the primary metadata for the object or part points to all copies of the data for that object or part. However, object or part data in primary running storage

is not necessarily stored on the same nodes as the primary metadata for the object or part.

In primary running storage, HCP stores the number of copies of the object or part metadata required to satisfy the ingest tier metadata protection level (MPL) in the service plan. These copies, called secondary metadata, let HCP reconstruct the primary metadata should that become necessary.

If the ingest tier is primary running storage, the MPL is the same as the DPL.