Filter using filter fields

You can filter the namespace list by namespace name or tag. The filtered list includes only those namespaces with a name or tag, as applicable, that begins with a specified text string.

You can filter the namespace list by name or by tag by using the fields above the list.

1. In the field above the Name column, select Name to filter by name or Tag to filter by tag. 2. In the next field, type the text string you want to use as a filter.

This string can be up to 64 characters long, can contain any valid UTF-8 characters except commas (,), and is not case sensitive. White space is allowed.

3. Click the find control (

).

To redisplay the entire list of namespaces after filtering it, click the clear filter control (

).

Filter using tag control

1. Click the tag control ( ) on the right above the namespace list.

The Tags window opens. This window lists all the tags currently associated with the existing namespaces owned by the current tenant. For each tag, the window shows the number of associated namespaces.

2. Click the tenant-count icon (

) for the tag you want.

The namespace list shows only the namespaces that have the selected tag, and the fields above the Name column show the filter criteria. Namespace Overview panel

The namespace Overview panel shows the current status of any given namespace.

Display the namespace Overview panel

To view the namespace Overview panel, you need the monitor, administrator, or compliance role.

1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Namespaces. 2. In the list of namespaces, click the name of the namespace you want.

To return to the namespace Overview panel from other namespace panels, click Overview in the row of tabs below the namespace name. Namespace URL

The top of the namespace Overview panel shows the URL for access to the namespace content through the HTTP protocol. If the HTTP protocol is enabled for the namespace, this URL is a link that opens the Namespace Browser for the namespace.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

272/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

A namespace URL has this format:

https://namespace-url-name.tenant-url-name.hcp-domain-name

For example, the URL for access to the content of the Accounts-Receivable namespace owned by the Finance tenant in the HCP system named hcp‑ma.example.com is: https://accounts-receivable.finance.hcp-ma.example.com

If SSL security is not enabled for the HTTP protocol, the URL contains http instead of https.

Note: The HCP domain name used for access to namespace content may not be the same as the domain name used for access to the tenant for management purposes. Be sure to give your namespace users the correct domain name.

Similarly, the IP addresses for the system may differ for these two purposes. For the IP addresses to use for namespace access, contact your HCP system administrator. Namespace owner

The top right corner of the namespace Overview panel shows the namespace owner if the namespace has an owner:

If the owner user account is an HCP account, the panel shows the account username.

If the user account for the owner of a namespace is deleted, the namespace reverts to having no owner.

HCP can retrieve the user account information from AD, the panel shows the account username along with the name of the AD domain in which the account is defined, in this format: username@ad-domain-name

HCP cannot retrieve the user account information from AD, the panel shows the SID for the user account. This can happen if the AD user account was deleted or if HCP cannot communicate with AD.

In either case, the username or SID is a link that you can use to change the namespace owner. If the namespace has no owner, the top right corner of the panel shows the Modify Owner link, which you can use to assign an owner to the namespace. Objects section

The Objects section in the namespace Overview panel contains a graph showing the number of objects in the namespace during the past 30 days (or since the namespace was created if that was less than 30 days ago).