Optionally, depending on your HCP system hardware configuration, an HCP node may have an extra port connected to the management network. The name assigned to the

management port is eth4. On the Storage Node page for a given node, the Console displays information about each of the NICs in the node. The NIC information is organized by network. For each port

assigned to a network, the Console displays these details:

Interface

The name assigned to the port.

Active

An indication of whether the port is available for use. Possible values are true and false. Duplex

An indication of whether the port is full-duplex (full) or half-duplex (half).

Active in Bond

An indication of whether the port is currently the one being used. Possible values are true, false, and N/A.

Speed

The current rate of data transmission through the port.

Maximum Supported Speed The maximum supported rate of data transmission for the port.

File system status

Each node in an HCP system has multiple file systems on its primary storage. At installation time, a fixed amount of space and a fixed number of inodes are allocated to each of

those file systems. Each NFS volume associated with a node has a single file system with a fixed amount of space and a fixed number of inodes.

Inodes determine the total number of files and directories a file system can have. (These files and directories do not have a direct correspondence to the objects and directories that

users create.)

On the Storage Node page for a given node, when you click the row that shows the file system status summary, the Console displays the following information about each file

system on each primary storage volume and NFS volume that’s managed by the node: Path

The directory path

Free 1K Blocks

The amount of available storage associated with the file system, in one-KB blocks

Total 1K Blocks

The total amount of storage associated with the file system, in one-KB blocks

Block Usage

The percent of the storage blocks currently in use

Inode Usage

The percent of the allocated inodes currently in use

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

35/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Note: The file systems listed include those used for the operating system. Therefore, the total amount of storage associated with all the file systems for a node is greater than the total amount of storage associated with the logical volumes displayed for that node. Node events

The Node Events section on the Storage Node page for a given General Node lists all event messages logged for that node since the HCP system was installed. The list of

messages in this section is a subset of the messages in the HCP system log. You can view all the messages in the system log in the All Events panel on the System Events page.

By default, the messages are listed ten at a time in reverse chronological order.

Shutting down or restarting individual nodes

Under normal operating conditions, the HCP nodes manage themselves. However, because hardware failures are possible, the System Management Console provides controls for

shutting down and restarting individual nodes.

Shutting down a node means shutting down the HCP software on it and powering it off. After shutting down a node, you need to manually power it back on to start HCP on it again.

Restarting a node means shutting down and restarting the HCP software on it without powering it off.

Shutting down or restarting a node has no effect on the data in the primary storage volumes and the NFS volumes that are associated with the node. However, while a node is shut

down or in the process of restarting, clients have no access to that node.

Shutting down or restarting a node is rarely necessary and can cause extra service activity, which increases the load on the system. However, situations in which shutting down a

node may be appropriate include:

A hardware failure has occurred.

The node requires maintenance.

You plan to remove the node from the system.

The most frequent reason for restarting a node is that your authorized HCP service provider has requested it during the assessment or resolution of a problem.