Cryptographic hash algorithm used to calculate the cryptographic hash value of the object Cryptographic hash value of the object

Note: If HCP has not yet calculated the cryptographic hash value for an object, the value in the export file is an empty string.

The same metadata is exported for each object, regardless of whether its details are showing on the Search Results page and regardless of which search facility is active.

To export the current search results, select the format you want in the Export results field. The available formats for metadata query engine are:

To export only the object URLs: XML format (short) CSV format (short)

To export both the object URLs and the object metadata:

XML format (detailed)

CSV format (detailed)

Note: Exporting only object URLs is significantly faster than exporting both the URLs and the object metadata. Additionally, when exporting both the URLS and metadata for a

large number of objects, the resulting export file may not contain all the expected objects.

Depending on the browser you’re using and the file type you’ve selected, you may be asked whether you want to open or save the export file.

Export files are named results.selected-type, where selected-type is either CSV or XML. To prevent a subsequent export operation from overwriting an exported file, you should give

the file a new name that identifies its contents (for example, held_objects_06082012.xml).

Working with structured searches Structured searches are one of the three types of searches you can perform from the HCP Search Console. A structured search can be based on metadata values as well as on text

matching. You can specify multiple criteria for structured searches and indicate whether objects need to satisfy any or all of them.

This chapter provides instructions for performing structured searches. It explains the rules for specifying the search criteria and the options that determine whether objects are

included in the search results. It also includes several examples.

Once you have the results of a structured search, you can filter and export them.

Note: While the metadata query engine is active, structured searches are called structured queries. About structured searches

Structured searches work by comparing criteria you specify to various properties of objects. These criteria can be based on object metadata as well as on object content. You can also specify whether objects need to meet any or all of the specified criteria.

To perform a structured search, you use the Structured Search page of the Search Console.

Note: While the metadata query engine is active, the Structured Search page is called the Structured Query page.

Within a single structured search, you can specify multiple criteria. With the exception of the content class property (metadata query engine only), each criterion has the form:

propertyoperatorvalue

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

894/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help On the Structured Search page, you select both properties and operators from dropdown lists. Depending on the property, you either select or type the value.

Examples of criteria for structured searches are:

Object Size less than 2049 Namespace is finance (europe)

Title contains budget proposal Shredding is not Shred on Delete

Ingest Time before 2011-11-30T14:55:55-0500

After creating a structured search, you can change it to an advanced search by clicking Show as advanced. The Advanced Search page opens and shows the specified search

criteria translated into the search query language.

Note: After displaying a structured search as an advanced search, you cannot change it back to a structured search. You can, however, use your browser back button to return to the page showing the structured search. Properties for structured searches

The properties available for structured searches depend on the active search facility. The tables in the following sections present the properties you can use for structured queries with the metadata query engine search facility.

Properties for structured queries with the metadata query engine

The table below shows the properties you can use for structured queries when the metadata query engine is active. For each property, the table shows the available operators and the values you can select or type. General

Property

Operators

Values

Namespace

is

Name of a namespace searchable by the user

is not