Metadata query engine failure

The metadata query engine is not running on the node, most likely because the node is unavailable.

When the node becomes available again, the engine should automatically restart on it. If it doesn’t, disable and then reenable metadata query engine indexing. If the problem persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Multipath degraded

For HCP with SAN-attached storage systems configured with multipathing, the physical connection between the node and the SAN storage has failed. Contact your authorized HCP service provider. NIC failure

The node is experiencing problems with one or more of its networks. Possible causes for this alert include:

One or more physical network connections to the node are not working. Check the Storage Node page for the node to see which network interfaces show errors. Then correct any problems with the applicable physical networks. If the networks appear to be working properly, Contact your authorized HCP service provider. The node is missing one or more network interfaces. Check the Networks page to see which networks have this problem. Then restart those networks. If the problem persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider. The node has one or more network interfaces for networks in which it does not have IP addresses. Check the Networks page to see which networks have this problem. Then restart those networks. If the problem persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider. No IPMI status available for chassis fans

The storage node specified in the CB 320 server chassis configuration cannot communicate with one or more chassis. Make sure the chassis configuration is correct. If it is, contact your authorized HCP service provider.

No IPMI status available for chassis power supplies

The storage node specified in the CB 320 server chassis configuration cannot communicate with one or more chassis. Make sure the chassis configuration is correct. If it is, contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Node has been removed

The node has been permanently removed from the HCP system. You cannot reuse its back-end IP address for any nodes you subsequently add to the system. Node problem

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

204/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The node is experiencing a heavy load or a high rate of page swapping. Contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Power supply error

The node has only one power supply working normally. Contact your authorized HCP service provider. SSD RAID degraded

An SSD is experiencing errors or has failed completely.

Contact your authorized HCP service provider for help.

SSD RAID rebuilding

An SSD device is rebuilding. It cannot be accessed until the rebuild process is complete.

Storage failure

One or more physical storage devices managed by the node are not functioning properly. If this alert is raised by a removed or a failed drive, it can take up to an hour before it appears on the Hardware page of the System Management Console. Contact your authorized HCP service provider for assistance. Temperature critical

IPMI sensors are detecting one or more components with critically high or low temperature readings. Shut down the node and contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Temperature out of normal range

IPMI sensors are detecting one or more components with high or low, but not critical, temperature readings. Monitor the temperature readings on the Storage Node page. If they do not return to normal, contact your authorized HCP service provider. Temperature within normal range

IPMI sensors are not detecting any components with temperature readings outside the normal range.

Voltage critical

IPMI sensors are detecting one or more components with critically high or low voltage readings. Shut down the node and contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Voltage out of normal range

IPMI sensors are detecting one or more components with high or low, but not critical, voltage readings. Monitor the voltage readings on the Storage Node page. If they do not return to normal, contact your authorized HCP service provider. Voltage within normal range

IPMI sensors are not detecting any components with voltage readings outside the normal range.

Storage node page alerts

The System Management Console uses system health icons for alerts that appear on the Storage Node page. These alerts are described in the table below. The alerts are listed alphabetically by their hover text. Alerts with text beginning with a number are listed first, in alphabetical order by the variable that represents the number.

bad-interface-count of interface-count network interfaces are not functioning properly