https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

197/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Check the Domains and Certificates page to see which certificates have expired. Then make sure each affected domain has at least one valid certificate.

External storage volumes unavailable One or more external storage volumes have a status of unavailable, broken, or initializing. Check the Storage page to see which volumes are having problems. Then make sure the devices hosting those volumes and the network connections to those devices are functioning properly. Also make sure the exported shares are configured correctly, that any NFS servers being used are running on each device, and that any NFS security software on the device is not blocking access by any of the HCP nodes. If the problem persists for a volume, remount the volume in HCP. If that doesn’t resolve the problem, contact your authorized HCP service provider for help. Front-end connection error

All front-end connections to one or more storage nodes are unavailable. If this system is currently a source for replication, some objects will not be replicated. If the system is a replication target, replication performance is degraded.

Full file system

One or more file systems have no more available space or no more available inodes. contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Hardware functioning properly

All of the HCP hardware is functioning normally.

HCP computer account missing

The HCP computer account is missing from the AD domain. Reconfigure HCP support for AD on the Active Directory page in the HCP System Management Console.

HCP upgrade is in progress

The HCP software is being upgraded to a new release with the HCP system online (that is, without shutting down the system). High load or swap

One or more nodes are experiencing a heavy load or a high rate of page swapping. contact your authorized HCP service provider.

IP mode mismatch

The system-level front-end network IP mode is Dual, but the [hcp_system] network is configured to use only IPv4 addresses or only IPv6 addresses. Submit a request to your authorized service provider to set the system-level IP mode and set the [hcp_system] network IP mode, to provide support only for the type(s) of IP address you want to configure for user-defined networks.

Last HDvM update failed

The most recent attempt to push information to Hitachi Device Manager was unsuccessful. For details, check the HDvM page.

KM Server certificate expired

Certificate expired for the following KM Servers: <KM Server names> KM Server unavailable

The following KM Servers are unavailable: <KM Server names>

KM Server has deactivated or compromised keys

Keys of the following KM Servers are compromised: <KM Server names>

Maximum namespaces exceeded The number of namespaces defined in the HCP system is greater than the maximum number allowed. This situation can happen if one or more HCP tenants being replicated to a given HCP system have namespace quotas on their source systems that cause the total number of allocated namespaces on the target system to exceed the number allowed for an HCP system. While these tenants are included in their respective replication links, neither the actual number of namespaces they own nor their quotas count on the target system. However, if one or more of the tenants are removed from their links, the namespaces and quotas for those tenants then count on the target system. This can result in the total number of namespaces defined on the target system exceeding the total allowed for the system. To ensure proper system operation, if the maximum number of namespaces allowed for the system is exceeded, you should lower the number of namespaces as soon as possible. To do this, one or more tenant administrators must delete one or more of their namespaces.

Maximum namespaces reached

The number of namespaces defined in the HCP system is the maximum number allowed.

Metadata balancing...

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

198/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

HCP is in the process of moving object metadata between nodes to achieve a more even distribution of the metadata.

Migration completing - balancing metadata