Tenant Management Console pages display information about the current tenant and its namespaces. Some pages also let you configure various aspects of the tenant and namespaces. (The current tenant is the one for which you’re currently logged in to the Tenant Management Console.)

Console pages have menus and hyperlinks for navigation. Each page shows a horizontal menu at the top. Some of the menu options display a secondary menu when you hover over them. To navigate to a page, you click the corresponding menu option.

You can also use shortcut keys to navigate to pages in the Tenant Management Console. Each link that has a shortcut key has the applicable letter underlined. To use the shortcut key, follow the convention for the browser you’re using.

Each page of the Tenant Management Console shows the username of the currently logged-in user in the upper right corner.

Note: https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

248/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

If you’re an AD user and your username changes in AD while you’re using the Tenant Management Console, the Console may not reflect the new username until you log out and back in. If you’re currently using any other HCP interfaces, you need to log out of those as well. While the HCP system is experiencing a heavy load, the Tenant Management Console may be slower to present certain information.

Refreshing pages

Tenant Management Console pages do not automatically refresh themselves while they remain open. To see the most recent values on a page, click again on the menu option that opens that page.

Note: Using the browser reload button to refresh a page that lets you create or modify an entity causes the Console to resubmit values you previously entered on the page.

Submitting changes Tenant Management Console pages and panels on which you can modify information have action buttons (such as Create Retention Class and Update Settings) that submit your changes. Action buttons make the changes on a page permanent. These changes take effect immediately.

You need to submit the changes you make before switching to a different page or panel. If you switch without submitting those changes, the Console does not retain them.

For some checkbox options, selecting or deselecting the checkbox causes that change to take effect immediately.

After you submit changes, the Console displays a message indicating whether HCP successfully made the changes. To hide the message, click Dismiss in the message area. Viewing HCP documentation

HCP documentation is available online in PDF format. To view a document from the Tenant Management Console:

1. In the top right corner of the Tenant Management Console window, hover over the documentation icon (

) to open a dropdown menu of the available documents.

2. In the dropdown menu, click the document you want.

Changing your password

Depending on how your user account is set up, HCP might authenticate your username and password locally or remotely when you log in. If your account is set up for local authentication, you can change your password in the Tenant Management Console. When you change your password in this Console, it also changes for any other HCP interfaces to which your user account gives you access.

If your account is set up for remote authentication or if you use an AD user account to access the Console, you use a method outside HCP to change your password. The next procedure describes how to change your password using the Tenant Management Console.

1. Log into the Tenant Management Console using your existing password. 2. In the top right corner of the Console window, click Password.

3. On the Change Password page:

a. In the Existing Password field, type your current password. b. In the New Password field, type your new password.

Passwords can be up to 64 characters long, are case sensitive, and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters including white space. To be valid, a password must include at least one character from two of these three groups: alphabetic, numeric, and other. When changing your password, you cannot reuse your current password.

c. In the Confirm New Password field, type your new password again.

4. Click Update Password.