The list below describes the headers returned in response to a successful request to upload a part of a multipart upload.

Content-length

Specifies the size, in bytes, of the response body. In response to a successful request to upload a part of a multipart upload, the value of this header is always 0 (zero). Date

The date and time when HCP responded to the request, in Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). The date and time are returned in this format:

DDD dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss GMT

For example:

Fri, 18 Sep 2020 14:27:05 GMT

ETag

Specifies the ETag for the object. ETags are useful for making object-level operations conditional based on the object content. Operations that can be made conditional are checking the existence of an object, copying an object, and retrieving an object. x-amz-server-side-encryption

Specifies whether objects stored in HCP are encrypted. Possible values are:

If objects are encrypted, AES256 If objects are not encrypted, None

This header is returned only if the request headers include x-amz-server-side-encryption.

x-amz-version-id

Specifies the version ID of the object. This header is returned only while versioning is enabled for the bucket. Status codes

The table below describes HTTP status codes that can be returned in response to a request to upload a part of a multipart upload.

Code

Meaning

Description

200

OK

HCP successfully uploaded the part.

400

Bad Request

Possible reasons include:

The specified part number is not an integer in the range 1 (one) through 10,000. The value specified by the Content-MD5 header does not match the Base64-encoded MD5 hash of the data HCP received. The request includes a custom metadata (x-amz-meta-) header.

403 Forbidden

Possible reasons include:

The request specifies anonymous access. Only an authenticated user can upload parts for a multipart upload. The credentials provided with the request are invalid. The credentials provided with the request do not match the credentials used to initiate the multipart upload.

You do not have permission to upload parts in the specified bucket. The S3 compatible API is currently disabled for the specified bucket.

404 Not Found

One of these:

The specified multipart upload does not exist. Either the upload ID is invalid, or the multipart upload was aborted or completed.

In the case of completion, if the part being uploaded is a replacement for an existing part, the existing part is used for completing the multipart upload.

The specified bucket does not exist.

411 Length Required

Either the request does not include a Content-Length header, or the request includes a Content-Length header with no value.

413

Request Entity Too Large

The part you are trying to upload is too big for the amount of space left in the bucket.

500

Internal Server Error

An internal error occurred.

If this error persists, contact your tenant administrator.

503 Service Unavailable

HCP is temporarily unable to handle the request, probably due to system overload, maintenance, or upgrade. Try the request again, gradually increasing the delay between each successive attempt.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

643/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Code

Meaning

Description

If this error persists, contact your tenant administrator.

Example: Uploading a part

Here’s a sample PUT request that uploads a part of the multipart upload for an object named acctg/RulesAndRegulations.pdf in the finance bucket. The data for the part is in a file named /file-parts-temp/RulesAndRegs-Acctg-1.

The example shows the response headers HCP returns while versioning is enabled for the bucket and while versioning is disabled for the bucket. Request with s3curl command line