Multipath degraded

For HCP with SAN-attached storage systems configured with multipathing, a physical connection between the node and the SAN storage has failed. Contact your authorized HCP service provider.

No IPMI status is available

The node does not contain IPMI sensors.

Node has been removed

The node has been removed from the HCP system permanently. You cannot reuse its back-end IP address for any nodes you subsequently add to the system.

Node is not available

The node is unavailable for one of these reasons:

It is starting up but not yet able to perform HCP functions. It is shutting down and no longer able to perform HCP functions. It is not running or is unable to communicate with the rest of the HCP system. Storage page alerts

The System Management Console uses warning and error icons for alerts that appear on the Storage page.

The icon used to indicate a warning condition is a white circle containing an orange exclamation point. When this icon appears in a table row, that row is highlighted in orange.

The icon used to indicate an error condition is a white triangle containing a red exclamation point. When this icon appears in a table row, that row is highlighted in red.

The warning and error alerts that appear on the Storage page are described in separate sections below. Storage page warning alerts

Warning alerts that appear on the Storage page are listed alphabetically by their hover text.

Storage components list

One or more volumes in this storage pool have problems

One or more of the external storage volumes in the external storage pool have a status other than available. To see which volumes have problems, open the panel for the storage pool. For more information about problem volumes, check the HCP system log. Storage pools list

External volume volume-id on node node-number - volume-status

The external storage volume has a status other than available. For information about the cause, check the HCP system log.

If the status is broken, check the export configuration and verify that the NFS server is running. If the configuration is correct and the NFS server is running, ensure that the device is functioning properly and that the network connecting HCP to the device is healthy. If the status is unavailable and does not change to available or broken within a short amount of time, try remounting the volume. If this alert persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider for help. Storage page error alerts

Error alerts that appear on the Storage page are listed alphabetically by their hover text.

Storage components list

One or more volumes in this storage pool have problems

One or more of the external storage volumes in the external storage pool have a status other than available. To see which volumes have problems, open the panel for the storage pool. For more information about problem volumes, check the HCP system log.

Storage pools list

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

206/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

External volume volume-id on node node-number - volume-status The external storage volume has a status other than available. For information about the cause, check the HCP system log. If the status is broken, check the export configuration and verify that the NFS server is running. If the configuration is correct and the NFS server is running, ensure that the device is functioning properly and that the network connecting HCP to the device is healthy. If the status is unavailable and does not change to available or broken within a short amount of time, try remounting the volume. If this alert persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider for help. Networks page alerts

The System Management Console uses warning and error icons for alerts that appear on the Networks page.

The icon used to indicate a error condition is a white triangle containing an red exclamation point. When this icon appears in a table row, that row is highlighted in red.

The icon used to indicate an warning condition is a white triangle containing a orange exclamation point. When this icon appears in a table row, that row is highlighted in orange.

The warning and error alerts that appear on the Networks page are described in separate sections below.

Networks page error condition alerts

Error condition alerts that appear on the Networks page are listed alphabetically by their hover text.