This property is required on a PUT request.

should communicate with each other.

description

String

This property is optional on a PUT request.

Specifies a description of the replication link. This description is optional. The default is no description.

To remove a description from an existing link, specify the description property with no value. encryption

Boolean

This property is optional on a PUT request.

Specifies whether HCP should encrypt data before transmitting it to the other system involved in the replication link. For an active/active link, this setting applies to data being replicated in both directions on the link.

Valid values are: true

HCP should encrypt data.

false

HCP should not encrypt data.

The default is false.

failoverSettings

Specifies the automatic failover and failback settings for the replication link.

This property is optional on a PUT request.

failover

Settings

id

String

Specifies the system-supplied unique ID for the replication link. HCP generates this ID automatically when you create a link.

This property is not valid on a PUT or POST request. It is returned only by a verbose GET request. name

String

This property is required on a PUT request.

Specifies the name of the replication link. Link names must be from one through 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space. Link names are not case sensitive.

Link names must be unique within a replication topology. priority

String

This property is optional on a PUT request.

Specifies whether priority should be given to objects with the oldest changes, regardless of namespace, or processing should be balanced across namespaces. For an active/active link, this setting applies to both systems involved in the link.

Valid values are: FAIR

Balance processing across namespaces.

OLDEST_FIRST

Give priority to objects with the oldest changes.

The default is OLDEST_FIRST.

These values are not case-sensitive.

statistics

statistics

Specifies information about activity on the replication link.

This property is not valid on a PUT or POST request. It is returned only by a verbose GET request. status

String

Specifies the general state of the replication link. Possible values are:

This property is not valid on a PUT or POST request. It is returned only by a verbose GET request.

GOOD

The link is healthy. WARNING

The link is healthy, but normal replication is not occurring on the link.

BAD

The link is unhealthy.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

473/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Property name

Data type Description

Notes

statusMessage String

Specifies text describing the current state of the replication link. Possible values are:

This property is not valid on a PUT or POST request. It is returned only by a verbose GET request.

Synchronizing data Sending data Receiving data Recovering data Completing recovery Scheduled off period Suspended by user Pending remote reply Pending Failed over Remote storage full, link suspended

Local storage full, link suspended High error rate Stalled link Broken link

suspended Boolean

Specifies whether the replication link is currently suspended. Possible values are:

This property is not valid on a PUT or POST request. It is returned only by a verbose GET request.

true

The link is suspended

false

The link is not suspended.

type

String

Specifies the replication link type. Valid values are:

This property is required on a PUT request. ACTIVE_ACTIVE

The link is an active/active link.

OUTBOUND

You can change the value of this property from OUTBOUND or INBOUND to ACTIVE_ACTIVE. You cannot change the value from:

The link is an outbound active/passive link.

INBOUND

ACTIVE_ACTIVE to OUTBOUND or INBOUND

The link is an inbound active/passive link.

OUTBOUND to INBOUND