The namespace has a DPL of 1 (one) and is not being replicated. All HCP namespaces with a DPL of 1 should be replicated to ensure that the stored data is protected. If replication is not available, increase the namespace DPL. This alert appears only in HCP systems in which setting the DPL to one for a namespace can leave objects unprotected.

Hard quota exceeded

The amount of storage used by the namespace exceeds the hard quota configured for the namespace. Clients will not be able to add data to the namespace until either

some existing objects are deleted or you increase the hard quota. Irreparable and unavailable objects

The namespace contains irreparable objects and unavailable objects. Please contact your HCP system administrator. To see which objects are irreparable, go to the Irreparable Objects panel for the namespace. Irreparable objects

The namespace contains irreparable objects. Please contact your HCP system administrator.

To see which objects are irreparable, go to the Irreparable Objects panel for the namespace.

Namespace setting for CIFS authenticated access not supported by system configuration

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

308/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The namespace requires authentication for CIFS-based data access. However the system is currently not configured to support the use of authenticated CIFS.

Nonreplicating objects

The namespace contains objects that are not replicating. Please contact your HCP system administrator.

Soft quota exceeded

The amount of storage used by the namespace exceeds the soft quota configured for the namespace. Consider deleting some objects from the namespace or increasing its hard quota. Unavailable objects The namespace contains unavailable objects. Please contact your HCP system administrator.

Versioning enabled without REST API

The namespace has versioning enabled, but the REST API is not enabled. Versioning works only with the REST API.

Search page alert

Namespaces without custom metadata indexing

The content class is associated with one or more namespaces for which custom metadata indexing is disabled. The metadata query engine is not indexing content properties for objects in those namespace.

Users page alert

Conflicting user accounts

Another user account has the same username as this account. Resolve the conflict by merging or separating the conflicting accounts. Tenant log messages

Tenant log messages

The tenant log contains messages about events that happen at the tenant and namespace levels. The table in this appendix lists the messages HCP can write to the tenant log. The messages are listed in order by event ID.

ID

Event

Explanation

Action

Severity

2005

HCP found an unavailable object HCP could not repair an object because the

object was unavailable.

Contact your HCP system administrator. Warning

2006

HCP found an irreparable object HCP found a broken object it could not repair. Contact your HCP system

Error

administrator.

2028

HCP found an irreparable object HCP was unable to repair the object. The

repair may be retried at a later time.

Contact your HCP system administrator. Error

2044

HCP found an unavailable object HCP could not repair an object because the

object was unavailable.

Contact your HCP system administrator.

Warning

2046

HCP found an irreparable object HCP found a broken object it could not repair. Contact your HCP system

Error

administrator.

2070

Object has been shredded

An object was shredded.

No action is required. Notice

2087

Disposition service stopped: run complete

The Disposition service finished successfully. No action is required.

Notice

2088

Disposition service stopped without finishing

The Disposition service stopped without completing its run. The service will resume at some point in the future.

No action is required. Warning

2089

Disposition service stopped: run complete

The Disposition service finished successfully. No action is required.

Notice

2090

Disposition service stopped without finishing

The Disposition service stopped without completing its run. The service will resume at

No action is required. Warning

some point in the future.