The Edit window lists the schedulable services. For each service, the window contains a Level field. The window also indicates the status of the service:

Service not scheduled The service is not scheduled in the time period you’re editing or in any time period that overlaps the time period you’re editing. The performance level is Off.

Service scheduled

The service is scheduled in the time period you’re editing. The performance level is Low, Medium, or High.

Service already scheduled

The service is scheduled in a time period that overlaps the time period you’re editing. No performance level is shown. Conflict with service-name service

The service cannot run at the same time as the named service, which is already scheduled to run in the time period you’re editing. No performance level is shown.

3. Optionally, for a time period other than a weekday or all, select a different start time in the From field. 4. Optionally, for a time period other than a weekday or all, select a different end time in the To field. 5. For each service you want to run during the time period, select a performance level of Low, Medium, or High in the Level field. At least one service must be scheduled to run in the time period.

For each service you don’t want to run during the time period, select Off.

6. Take either of these actions: If you started by clicking the grid, dragging, clicking a weekday, or clicking All, click Update Schedule. If you started by clicking an existing time period, click Create New Period. This creates a new time period only if you scheduled a service that was not scheduled in the original time period.

Modifying a time period

To view service schedules and log messages about service activity, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, activate, and delete service schedules, you need the administrator role.

1. In the field on the left above the schedule grid, select the service schedule in which you want to modify the time period.

2. In the schedule grid, click the time period you want to modify. 3. In the Edit window, make the changes you want. 4. Click Update Schedule.

Deleting a time period

To delete an existing time period:

1. In the field on the left above the schedule grid, select the service schedule from which you want to delete the time period. 2. In the schedule grid, click the time period you want to delete. 3. In the Edit window, take either of these actions: Click Delete Period.

Set the performance level for all services to Off. Then click Update Schedule.

Setting the active service schedule

To view service schedules and log messages about service activity, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, activate, and delete service schedules, you need the administrator role. 1. In the field on the left above the schedule grid, select the service schedule you want to make active. In the dropdown list for this field, the currently active service schedule is marked with an asterisk (*).

2. Click Activate Schedule.

The Activate Schedule button is present only if the displayed schedule is not active.

Deleting a service schedule

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

108/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

To view service schedules and log messages about service activity, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, activate, and delete service schedules, you need the administrator role.

1. In the field on the left above the schedule grid, select the service schedule you want to delete. You cannot delete the active schedule. If the schedule you want to delete is currently active, activate a different schedule before you display the one you want to delete.

2. Click Delete Schedule. 3. In response to the confirming message, click Delete Schedule.

HCP deletes the schedule, and the schedule grid displays the active schedule. Capacity Balancing service

The Capacity Balancing service ensures that the percent of HCP storage space used on the storage nodes in the system remains roughly equivalent across the nodes when new nodes are added.