5. Optional: If Virtual network management is enabled and the Storage Network field is displayed, select the network that you want HCP to use to communicate with the S Series Node.

If Virtual network management is not enabled, the field does not exist.

6. Optional: To use HTTP with SSL security for S Series Node management requests, select Use HTTPS for Management.

7. Optional: To display additional configuration options, click Advanced.

a. To use HTTP with SSL security for data access requests, select Use HTTPS.

b. In the HTTPS Port field, type the port you want to use to connect to the end point. Default value: 443.

c. In the HTTP Port field, type the port you want to use to connect to the S Series Node. Default value: 80.

d. Optional: To connect to the endpoint, select Use proxy . e. In the Proxy Host field, type the hostname or IP address of the proxy server.

f. In the Proxy Port number field, type the number of the proxy server. Default value: 0.

g. In the Proxy Username field, type the user name of the proxy server.

h. In the Proxy Password field, type the password of the proxy server. i. In the Proxy Domain field, type the AD domain of the proxy server.

8. Click Next.

9. In the Name field, type a name for the S Series Node.

10. Optional: In the Description field, type a description for the S Series Node. 11. Click Next.

12. If the storage represented by the storage component is compliant with the terms and conditions of your service plan, select Compliant.

13. Perform one of the following actions.

To create a new storage pool and attach the S Series Node to it: a. Select Add to new storage pool.

b. In the Add to new storage pool field, type a name for the new storage pool. c. Optional: If you want to compress data in the new HCP S Series storage pool, select Compress Data at Rest.

d. Optional: If you want to encrypt data on the new HCP S Series storage pool, select Encrypt Data at Rest.

e. Optional: If you want the Content Verification service to run on the new HCP S Series storage pool, select Content Verification.

To add the S Series Node to an existing storage pool:

a. Select Add to existing storage pool.

b. From the Name field, select the existing storage pool.

c. Optional: To enable the HCP S Series Balancing service when there are multiple HCP S Series components in a pool, select Enable balancing for this pool.

14. Click Next.

15. On the Review page, ensure that the S Series Node is configured to your specifications.

16. Click Finish.

If HCP cannot add the S Series Node to the system, the Console displays an error message. If the operation failed because the S Series Node user account does not have the administrator or security role, the following message is displayed:

Unable to create S Series Node. An unexpected error occurred. Please contact your HCP system administrator. Modifying an HCP S Series storage component

After an S Series Node is added to an HCP system, its storage component is displayed on the Storage > Components page. Use the System Management Console to manage and

update the S Series Node settings.

Modifying basic component settings

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

41/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The Settings tab of the S Series Storage Components page shows the name, type, description, storage network (if enabled) and endpoint of the S Series Node. You can modify

most of the information on the page.

1. In the HCP System Management Console, open the Storage > Components page and select an S Series Node. The Storage Node page opens.

2. Click the Settings tab.

3. In the Name field, type a new name for the S Series Node.

4. In the Description field, type a new description for the S Series Node.

5. If the Storage Network field is visible, select a network for tiering.