A telephone number for the tenant contact. Do not include a telephone number extension. Instead, put the extension, if any, in the

Extension field.

Telephone numbers can contain only numbers, parentheses, hyphens (-), periods (.), plus signs (+), and spaces and can be up to 24 characters long (for example, (800) 123-4567). Extension

A telephone number extension for the tenant contact. Telephone number extensions can contain only numbers and can be up to five characters long.

Address Line 1

The first line of an address for the tenant contact. Address lines can be up to 100 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8 characters, including white space. Address Line

The second line of an address for the tenant contact.

2

City

The city for the tenant contact. City names can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8 characters, including white space.

State/Province The state or province for the tenant contact. State and province names can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8

characters, including white space. Postal Code

The postal code for the tenant contact. Postal codes can be up to 64 characters long and can contain only alphanumeric characters and hyphens (-). Country

The country for the tenant contact. Country names can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8 characters, including white space.

c. In the Hash Algorithm field, select the cryptographic hash algorithm for the default namespace. d. For Retention Mode, select either Enterprise or Compliance to set the retention mode of the default namespace. e. Optionally, select Enable Search to enable search for the default namespace. f. In the Service Plan field, specify the service plan for the default namespace. To do this, either type the name of an existing service plan in the accompanying field or

click the arrow control (

) for the field. If you click the arrow control:

i. In the Service Plans window, select the service plan that you want to assign to the default namespace. ii. Click Apply Service Plan.

5. Click Create Tenant.

Accessing the Tenant Management Console for a tenant If a tenant is configured to allow system-level users to manage it, you can open the Tenant Management Console for that tenant directly from the HCP System Management

Console. You can use this method to access the Tenant Management Console for an HCP tenant only if at least one of your client IP addresses is allowed access to the Tenant Management Console for that tenant.

To access the Tenant Management Console directly from the System Management Console, you need the monitor or administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu of the System Management Console, click Tenants. 2. Take one of these actions:

In the list of tenants, click the access control (

) for the tenant that you want to access.

In the list of tenants, click the name of the tenant that you want to access. Then click the tenant URL in the tenant Overview panel.

The browser window switches to the tenant Overview page in the Tenant Management Console. 3. To return to the System Management Console from the Tenant Management Console, click the return control (

) in the top right corner of the Tenant Management Console

window. Note: After opening a Tenant Management Console from the System Management Console, do not use the browser back button to return to the System Management Console. Doing so can have unpredictable results.

Modifying a tenant

After creating a tenant, you can modify some of its properties. You do this by using the Settings and Security panels on the Tenants tab for the tenant.

Note: To view the Settings and Tenants panels, you need the monitor or administrator role. To modify a tenant, you need the administrator role.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

95/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help