Uploading an account certificate for CAP authentication

The C2S CAP server acts as an intermediary between HCP and AWS STS authentication. CAP looks up the user's S3 credentials based off HCP account credentials sent to CAP. If

the check passes, CAP then sends the S3 credentials to a predefined AWS STS endpoint. STS, in turn, issues a temporary token which CAP sends back to HCP.

C2S CAP authentication can only be used with the S3 compatible component. In order to use C2S CAP authentication you need to provide an account certificate.

To view the Storage page, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, or delete extended storage components and extended storage pools, you need the administrator role.

1. On the Storage > Certificates & Keys page, under the Account Certificates panel, click Browse and navigate to the location of your C2S CAP authentication certificate.

2. Click Upload Certificate. 3. Click Next.

4. Review your certificate information. 5. Click Finish.

Note: To upload an account certificate, you need the administrator role.

Pausing and resuming an extended storage component

When an extended storage component is in use, you can pause all read and write operations on the associated extended storage at any time.

In certain situations, the storage that is represented by an extended storage component might become temporarily inaccessible. Reasons for the temporary inaccessibility can include scheduled maintenance or an unforeseen problem with an extended storage device or cloud-storage-service endpoint. If this situation occurs, you might need to temporarily pause all read and write operations on the storage component. While a storage component is paused, the associated extended storage is unavailable for storage tiering and does not attempt to communicate with that device or service. Any alerts that would normally be generated by attempts to communicate with the inaccessible extended storage device or cloud-storage-service endpoint are not displayed when the

component is paused. When an extended storage component is resumed, the associated storage becomes available for storage tiering, and HCP resumes attempting to communicate with the extended storage device or cloud storage endpoint. If such attempts fail, HCP displays the applicable alerts on the Components panel on the Storage page.

To view the Storage page, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, or delete extended storage components and extended storage pools, you need the administrator role.

1. On the left side of the Storage page, click the Components tab. 2. On the Components panel, click the table row that contains the name of the component that you want to pause or resume. 3. At the top of the panel that opens, click the Manage tab.

4. On the Manage panel, take one of these actions:

To pause a component, click Pause Component. HCP pauses the component, and the panel displays Resume Component.

To resume a component that is currently paused, click Resume Component. HCP attempts to resume communications with the component, and the panel displays Pause Component.

Deleting or abandoning an extended storage component

If the storage that’s represented by an extended storage component is not currently being used to store objects in any namespaces defined on the HCP system, you can safely delete that storage component.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

50/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

If, however, the storage that’s represented by an extended storage component is currently being used to store object data, you cannot delete that component. Instead you need to either retire that component or abandon it.

When you retire an extended storage component, HCP migrates the data off that component and then deletes that component from the system. When you abandon an extended storage component, HCP deletes that component from the system without attempting to migrate any of the stored data off the extended storage component. This operation is not recommended because it may result in data loss. If the only existing copies of the data for a given object are stored on a single extended storage

component, when you abandon that component, the object data becomes permanently inaccessible to HCP.

Retiring and deleting a component is a much safer alternative to abandoning that component, as retiring a component ensures that the data stored on that component remains