400 Bad Request All

The request was not valid. These are some, but not all, of the possible reasons:

The URL in the request is not well-formed.

The request contains an unsupported query parameter or an invalid value for a query parameter. A GET request has both a type=whole-object query parameter and a Range request header. A PUT or POST request has a Content-Encoding header that specifies gzip, but the content is not in gzip-compressed format. The X-HCP-CopySource header in a PUT request to copy an object identifies a symbolic link to an object. A PUT request has a type=whole-object query parameter but does not have an X-HCP-Size header or the X-HCP-Size header value is greater than the content length.

HCP has custom metadata XML checking enabled, and a PUT request includes an annotation that is not well-formed XML.

For a PUT request that is trying to store an ACL:

The ACL includes invalid entries or values or is not well-formed XM L or

JSON. ACLs are not enabled for the namespace. The ACL contains more than one thousand ACEs. The ACL specifies an AD user or group, but the namespace does not

support AD authentication.

The request is trying to change the owner of an object to an AD user, but the

namespace does not support AD authentication. The request is trying to change the retention setting from a retention class to an

explicit setting, such as a datetime value. The request is trying to change the retention setting and the hold setting at the

same time. The specified object has ten annotations and the request is trying to add an annotation.

The request is trying to change the retention setting for an object on hold. The request is trying to change the shred setting from true to false. A request other than GET, HEAD, or PUT for an object or version includes a conditional header such as If-Match. The request includes an If-Match or If-None-Match header and the object does not yet have an ETag. A request to copy an object includes an X-HCP-CopySource-If-Match or X-HCP -CopySource-If-None-Match header and does not include a ForceEtag=true query parameter, and the source object does not yet have an ETag. A DELETE request includes a conditional header.

If more information about the error is available, the response headers include the HCP- specific X-HCP-ErrorMessage header.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

819/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Code

Meaning

Methods

Description 401

Unauthorized

GET for namespace information

The user does not have access to the namespace for which information is being requested.

403

Forbidden

All

The requested operation was not allowed. These are some, but not all, of the possible reasons:

The Authorization header or hcp-ns-auth cookie specifies invalid credentials. The namespace requires authentication, and the request does not include an Authorization header or hcp-ns-auth cookie. The user doesn’t have permission to perform the requested operation. The namespace does not exist.

The data access port for HTTP or HTTPS, as applicable, is disabled. For a DELETE request to delete an object, the object is under retention.

For a DELETE request to delete a directory, the directory is not empty. For a DELETE request to delete an annotation, the object is under retention, and

the namespace does not allow deleting annotations for objects under retention. For a PUT request to add a version of an existing object, the object is under

retention. For a PUT request to add or replace an annotation for an object that is under

retention, the namespace does not allow the operation for objects under retention. If more information about the error is available, the response headers include the HCP- specific X-HCP-ErrorMessage header.

404

Not Found

DELETE

One of:

GET

For all methods, HCP could not find the specified object, version, or directory.

HEAD

Any component of the URL except for the last component in the path is a symbolic link to a directory. POST