HCP returns this header only if either of these conditions is true:

HCP is configured to return this header, and the request does not include the X-HCP-Get-Replicated header with a value of false. The request includes the X-HCP-Get-Replicated header with a value of true. X-HCP-ReplicationCollision

A true or false value indicating whether the object is flagged as a replication collision.

X-HCP-Retention

The end of the retention period for the object. Possible values are:

A time in seconds since January 1, 1970, at 00:00:00 UTC

0

1 -2

X-HCP-RetentionClass

The name of the retention class to which the object belongs. This value is an empty string if the object is not in a retention class. X-HCP-RetentionHold

A true or false value indicating whether the object is on hold.

X-HCP-RetentionString

The end of the retention period for the object. Possible values are:

A date and time in this format:

yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ssZ

In this format, Z represents the offset from UTC and is specified as:

(+|-)hhmm

For example, 2019-12-14T14:27:20-0500 represents the start of the 20th second into 2:27 PM, December 14, 2019, EST. Deletion Allowed Deletion Prohibited

Initial Unspecified

X-HCP-Shred

A true or false value indicating whether HCP will shred the object after the object is deleted.

X-HCP-Size

The size of the object data, in bytes.

X-HCP-SoftwareVersion

The version number of the HCP software.

X-HCP-SymlinkTarget

The path to the target object as specified when the symbolic link was created. This header is returned only if the URL specifies a symbolic link to an object. If this header is returned, the X-HCP-ACL value is always false.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

725/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

X-HCP-Type

The object entity type.

X-HCP-UID The POSIX user ID for the object.

For objects added through the NFS protocol, this value is determined by the NFS client. This value is an empty string if either of these conditions are true:

The object was added through a protocol other than NFS and neither the UID nor the GID for the object was changed. The HCP product-specific owner of the object was changed. X-HCP-VersionId

The version ID of the object.

Response body

Not applicable.

Status codes

The following table describes the HTTP status codes that have specific meaning for this request.

Code

Meaning

Description

200

OK

HCP found the specified object or version and returned its metadata. This code is also returned if the

specified URL identifies a directory, not an object.

304 Not Modified

One of:

The request specified an If-None-Match header, and the ETag of the requested object or version

matches the value in the header. The request specified an If-Modified-Since header, and the object change time is at or before the

time specified in the header.

400

Bad Request

The request was not valid. These are some, but not all, of the possible reasons:

The URL in the request is not well-formed. The namespace does not exist.

The request included an If-Match or If-None-Match header and the object does not yet have an ETag.

The request contains an unsupported query parameter or an invalid value for a query parameter.

If more information about the error is available, the HTTP response headers include the HCP product- specific X‑HCP-ErrorMessage header.

404 Not Found

One of:

HCP did not find a directory, object, or version at the specified URL. The specified object or version