You can modify some properties for a tenant by using the Settings panel for the tenant.

To view the Settings panel, you need the monitor or administrator role. To modify a tenant, you need the administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu of the System Management Console, click Tenants. 2. In the list of tenants, click the name of the tenant that you want to modify.

3. In the row of tabs below the tenant name, click Settings. 4. In the Settings panel, make the changes you want.

To remove a tag from an HCP tenant, in the Tags section in the Settings panel, click the delete control ( before submitting your changes, click again on the delete control.

) for the tag. The row with the tag turns red. To revert the removal

5. Click Update Settings.

If all of these are true, a confirming message appears: You changed the name of the tenant. The tenant supports AD authentication.

HCP cannot communicate with AD. In response to the confirming message, click Update Settings.

Tenant-level CORS rules configuration

You can configure CORS rules at the tenant level to serve as the default configuration for all namespaces owned by a tenant. This practice is useful in deployments where a large number of namespaces support the same CORS configuration.

To configure the default CORS settings for all namespaces owned by a tenant, use either the System Management Console or the HCP management API.

If a namespace managed by the tenant does not have a CORS configuration, the namespace inherits the tenant-level configuration. If a namespace has its own CORS configuration, the namespace-level configuration overrides the tenant-level configuration.

This section describes how to use the System Management Console to configure the default CORS configuration for all namespaces owned by a tenant. Request elements (CORS rules)

A CORS rules configuration uses the request elements described in the following table. Some of the request elements are optional.

Request elements for CORS rules configuration

Element

Description

CORSConfiguration

Container for CORSRules elements.

Type: Container Children: CORSRules Ancestor: None

Note: A CORS rules configuration in HCP can have any number of CORSRule, AllowedMethod, AllowedOrigin, and AllowedHeader elements. However, the maximum size of the CORS configuration cannot exceed 2.5 MB. CORSRule

A set of origins and methods that you want to allow to access a resource.

Type: Container Children: AllowedMethod, AllowedOrigin, AllowedHeader, MaxAgeSeconds, ExposeHeader

Ancestor: CORSConfiguration

Id

Optional. A unique identifier for the rule. The Id value assists you in finding a rule in the CORS configuration. Type: String Ancestor: CORSRule

AllowedMethod

HTTP methods that you want to allow the origin to execute. Each CORSRule must identify at least one origin and one method.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

96/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Element

Description

Type: Enum (GET, PUT, HEAD, POST, DELETE) Ancestor: CORSRule AllowedOrigin

Origins that you want to allow cross-origin requests from. Each CORSRule must identify at least one origin and one method.

The origin value can include at most one wildcard character "*", for example, http://*.example.com. Alternatively, you can specify the wildcard character by itself to enable all origins to send cross-origin requests. Type: String Ancestor: CORSRule

AllowedHeader

Optional. List of headers that are allowed in a preflight OPTIONS request through the Access-Control-Request-Headers header. This element can contain at

most one wildcard character "*". Each header name in the Access-Control-Request-Headers header must have a corresponding entry in the CORSRule. The server will send only the allowed headers that were requested in a response. Type: String

Ancestor: CORSRule

MaxAgeSeconds