Temperature out of normal range

IPMI sensors are detecting one or more components with high or low, but not critical, temperature readings. Monitor the temperature readings on the Storage Node page. If they do not return to normal, contact your authorized HCP service provider. Temperature within normal range

IPMI sensors are not detecting any components with temperature readings outside the normal range.

Voltage critical

IPMI sensors are detecting one or more components with critically high or low voltage readings. Shut down the node and contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Voltage out of normal range

IPMI sensors are detecting one or more components with high or low, but not critical, voltage readings. Monitor the voltage readings on the Storage Node page. If they do not return to normal, contact your authorized HCP service provider. Voltage within normal range

IPMI sensors are not detecting any components with voltage readings outside the normal range.

Storage node page alerts

The System Management Console uses system health icons for alerts that appear on the Storage Node page. These alerts are described in the table below. The alerts are listed alphabetically by their hover text. Alerts with text beginning with a number are listed first, in alphabetical order by the variable that represents the number.

bad-interface-count of interface-count network interfaces are not functioning properly

One or more NICs in the node are not functioning properly. Contact your authorized HCP service provider.

bad-storage-device-count of storage-device-count storage devices are not functioning correctly

One or more physical storage devices managed by the node are not functioning properly. Contact your authorized HCP service provider. file-system-count file systems on storage-device-count devices

The node has the indicated number of file systems, which map to the indicated number of physical storage devices.

sensor-count IPMI sensors are indicating problems

The indicated number of IPMI sensors are detecting one or more problems in the node. For more information, review the IPMI details.

All file-system-count file systems have sufficient space and inodes

All the file systems on the node have space and inodes available for storing additional objects.

All IPMI sensors report normal operation

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

205/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

All components monitored by IPMI are functioning normally.

All network interfaces are functioning properly

All NICs in the node are functioning properly.

Core hardware is functioning normally The load and rate of page swapping on the node are within the acceptable range.

Core hardware may need attention

The node is experiencing a heavy load or a high rate of page swapping. Contact your authorized HCP service provider.

File system is running out of space or inodes

One or more file systems have no more available space or no more available inodes. Contact your authorized HCP service provider. Logical volume usage

The logical volumes managed by the node have the status, capacity, and used space shown when you expand the alert.

Multipath degraded

For HCP with SAN-attached storage systems configured with multipathing, a physical connection between the node and the SAN storage has failed. Contact your authorized HCP service provider.

No IPMI status is available

The node does not contain IPMI sensors.

Node has been removed

The node has been removed from the HCP system permanently. You cannot reuse its back-end IP address for any nodes you subsequently add to the system.

Node is not available

The node is unavailable for one of these reasons:

It is starting up but not yet able to perform HCP functions. It is shutting down and no longer able to perform HCP functions. It is not running or is unable to communicate with the rest of the HCP system. Storage page alerts

The System Management Console uses warning and error icons for alerts that appear on the Storage page.

The icon used to indicate a warning condition is a white circle containing an orange exclamation point. When this icon appears in a table row, that row is highlighted in orange.

The icon used to indicate an error condition is a white triangle containing a red exclamation point. When this icon appears in a table row, that row is highlighted in red.

The warning and error alerts that appear on the Storage page are described in separate sections below. Storage page warning alerts