aborted, or the part was not used in the completed multipart upload. Reads (bytes)

Shows the number of bytes of data read from storage represented by the component.

Reads (operations)

Shows the number of read operations that successfully retrieved data from storage represented by the component.

Each read of a part of a multipart object counts as a separate read operation.

Bucket, container, or mount point list for HCP S Series and extended storage components

The Buckets, Containers, or Mount Points subtab on the details page for an HCP S Series or extended storage component lists the items of the applicable type that are included in

the component. For each listed item, this tab shows: Name

The name of the bucket, container, or mount point.

Account

The label for the account associated with the bucket or container. NFS mount points are not associated with accounts.

Usage

The number of bytes currently used to store objects, parts of multipart objects, chunks for erasure-coded objects, and chunks for erasure-coded parts of objects in the

bucket, container, or mount point.

For an S Series Node bucket, the number of bytes includes storage occupied by the parts of in-progress multipart uploads that have already been written to the bucket. The number of bytes does not include storage occupied by replaced parts of multipart uploads, parts uploaded for aborted multipart uploads, or unused parts of completed multipart uploads.

Note: For an NFS mount point, the number of bytes shown is the total number of bytes used on the NFS mount point, including bytes used for non-HCP files and system

overhead.

In Use

Whether the bucket, container, or mount point is assigned to a storage pool. A green checkmark indicates that the item is assigned to a pool. Alerts

If an issue exists with the bucket, container, or mount point, either a warning icon (

) or an error icon (

), depending on the severity of the issue.

To view text describing the condition that's causing an alert, hover over the alert icon.

Account list

The Accounts subtab on the details page for an HCP S Series or extended storage component lists the buckets or containers included in the component, as applicable. For each

listed item, this tab shows: Name

The account label.

In Use

Whether the account is associated with at least one bucket or container. A green checkmark indicates that the account is associated with a bucket or container.

Understanding the storage pool list

The Pools page in the HCP System Management Console lists all storage pools currently defined on the HCP system. You can display this page.

1. In the top-level menu of the HCP System Management Console, click Storage. 2. On the left side of the Storage page, click Pools.

For each listed pool, the Pools page shows: Name

The pool name.

Type

The pool type, which can be:

Amazon S3 Google Cloud HCP HCP S Series

Microsoft Azure NFS

Primary running Primary spindown

S3 Compatible

Usage

The number of bytes currently used to store objects, parts of multipart objects, chunks for erasure-coded objects, and chunks for erasure-coded parts of objects on

storage represented by the pool.

For primary running and HCP S Series storage pools, the number of bytes includes storage occupied by the parts of in-progress multipart uploads that have already

been written to the storage represented by the component. The number of bytes does not include storage occupied by replaced parts of multipart uploads, parts uploaded for aborted multipart uploads, or unused parts of completed multipart uploads.

Note: For an NFS storage pool, the number of bytes shown is the total number of bytes used on the NFS storage in the pool, including bytes used for the OS, non- HCP files, and system overhead. Compliant

Whether the pool is compliant. A green checkmark indicates that the pool is compliant.

A storage pool is considered compliant if it includes at least one compliant component. A service plan is considered compliant if each tier in the plan includes at least

one compliant storage pool. Only compliant service plans can be associated with namespaces that are in compliance mode.

In Use

Whether the pool is included in any storage tiers defined a service plan. A green checkmark indicates that the pool is included in at least one tier.