To view the Syslog page, you need the monitor or administrator role. To enable or disable syslog logging, you need the administrator role.

1. On the Syslog page, select (to enable) or deselect (to disable) Enable syslog logging.

If the HCP system is not configured for syslog logging, selecting this option has no effect.

2. Click Update Settings. Enabling SNMP logging

An HCP system can be configured to send system-level log messages to one or more specified SNMP managers. You can choose to also send tenant log messages to those managers. The system-level configuration determines whether compliance and security messages are sent along with the other tenant log messages.

You use the SNMP page in the Tenant Management Console to enable or disable sending tenant log messages to the SNMP managers. To display this page, in the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, select Monitoring > SNMP.

To view the SNMP page, you need the monitor or administrator role. To enable or disable SNMP logging, you need the administrator role.

1. On the SNMP page, select (to enable) or deselect (to disable) Enable SNMP logging.

If the HCP system is not configured for SNMP logging, selecting this option has no effect.

2. Click Update Settings.

Configuring email notification HCP can be configured at the system level to support the use of email to notify recipients about messages added to the system-level log. If the HCP system supports email

notification, you can configure HCP to send email about tenant log messages to recipients that you specify.

You can configure each email recipient to receive notification of only selected messages based on the message importance, severity, and type. Important messages are those that

appear in the Tenant Management Console. Message severity levels are notice, warning, and error. Message types are general, security, and compliance. In all cases, HCP makes a best effort to send the applicable email in a timely manner.

Recipients are added to the blind carbon copy (bcc) list for each email, so the recipients of an email are not visible to one another. The To list remains empty. You can configure the content of the email that HCP sends. For example, you could choose to have HCP send the full text, severity, and date and time, and node number for each log message. Or, if you’re concerned about exposing system tenant and namespace information in what is by nature an insecure medium, you could format the email to say only that

a log message was recorded.

HCP writes messages to the tenant log about email that the email server fails to accept. The messages about failed email are not sent to email recipients.

You use the Email page in the Tenant Management Console to enable and configure email notification. To display this page, in the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, select Monitoring > Email.

Roles: To view the Email page, you need the monitor or administrator role. To configure email notification, you need the administrator role.

Enabling email notification 1. (Optional) Test whether email notification is supported. 2. Select Enable email notification. 3. (Optional) Change the format of the email to be sent.

4. Specify one or more recipients to receive email about log messages.

Testing email notification

HCP email notification works only if the HCP system has been configured to enable support for this feature. At any time, you can test the HCP system to determine whether it has been configured to support email notification.

Testing support for email notification causes HCP to send an email to an address that you specify. This email comes from the email address specified in the From field in the Message Settings section on the Email page. The email subject is Test email from HCP.

1. On the Email page, click Test. 2. In the Test Email Notification window, type the email address to which you want HCP to send the test email. 3. Click Send. If support for email notification is not configured at the system level, the Tenant Management Console displays an error message. If the Console displays a success message but the email does not arrive, ensure that you’ve correctly specified the email address to which you want the email sent. If the email still doesn’t arrive, contact your HCP system administrator for help.

Constructing the email message template