2. In the list of replicating links, select the links you want to remove from the current link.

To select all the links in the list, click Select All above the list. To deselect all the selected links, click Clear above the list.

3. Click Update Link.

If you’re removing chained links from the current link, a confirming message appears.

4. In the window with the confirming message, select I understand to confirm that you understand the consequences of your action. Then click Update Link.

Filtering item selection lists By default, the lists you use to add and remove items in replication links contain all of the applicable items. You can filter any of these lists to display a subset of the applicable items. A filtered list contains only those items with a name that begins with or is the same as a specified text string.

You cannot filter a list while any of the items in it are selected.

1. In the field above the list, type the text string you want to use as a filter.

This string can be up to 64 characters long, can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, and is not case sensitive. White space is allowed.

2. Click the find control (

).

To redisplay the entire list, click the clear filter control (

).

Considerations for modifying a replication link

These considerations apply to modifying replication links: You can modify a replication link in the HCP System Management Console for either system involved in the link. You can modify a replication link at any time. You can change an active/passive link to an active/active link, but you cannot change an active/active link to an active/passive link. When changing an active/passive link to active/active, you need to ensure that replication checkpoints are up to date before converting, otherwise you risk losing directory metadata. You cannot change the direction of an active/passive link. If you change the domain name or IP addresses for either system involved in a link, the new domain name or IP addresses must identify the same system. The exception to this is when you’re reconfiguring the link before restoring it to a new or rebuilt system. When you change an active/passive link to an active/active link, HCP suspends activity on the link. You need to resume activity on the link manually. While updating link properties other than the link type, HCP temporarily suspends activity on the link.

Modifying a replication link

You use separate procedures to modify the link properties you can set when you create a link and to modify the automatic failover and failback settings for a link.

Changing link properties

1. In the top-level menu of the HCP System Management Console, select Services > Replication. 2. On the replication Links page, click the name of the link you want to modify. 3. On the replication link details page, click Link. 4. In the replication Link panel, click the Settings tab. 5. In the link Settings panel, make the changes you want.

6. Click Update Link.

Changing automatic failover and failback settings 1. In the top-level menu of the HCP System Management Console, select Services > Replication. 2. On the replication Links page, click the name of the link you want.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

348/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

3. On the replication link details page, click Link. 4. In the replication Link panel, click the Failover tab. 5. In the Failover panel, click Automatic Failover Settings. 6. In the Automatic Failover Settings section:

For an active/active link or an inbound active/passive link, in the Local System section: