3. (Optional) Filter the list of namespaces in the Associate Namespaces with Content Class section by namespace name.

a. In the Associate Namespaces with Content Class field, type a text string to use as a filter.

This string can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space. It is not case sensitive. You cannot filter the namespace list while any of the namespaces in it are selected for association. b. Click the find control (

).

4. For each namespace you want to associate with the content class, click the add control (

) for the namespace in the Associate Namespaces with Content Class section.

To select all the namespaces listed in the Associate Namespaces with Content Class list, click Select All. To deselect a namespace, click the remove control ( To deselect all the selected namespaces, click Clear. ) for it.

The row containing the namespace turns green.

5. For each namespace in the Content Class Namespaces section that you want to dissociate from the content class, click the remove control (

) for the namespace in that

section.

To select all the namespaces listed in the Content Class Namespaces section, click Select All. To deselect a namespace, click the add control ( To deselect all the selected namespaces, click Clear. ) for it.

Tip: You can filter the list of namespaces in the Content Class Namespaces section by namespace name to include only those namespaces you want to remove from replication. The row containing the namespace turns red.

6. (Optional) Reindex all the namespaces you are associating with or dissociating from the content class by selecting Reindex all objects in added/removed namespaces. 7. Click Update Content Class.

Reindexing namespaces associated with a content class

You can reindex the namespaces associated with a content class at any time. You might do this for example, if you add a new content property to the content class.

1. On the Search page, in the list of content classes, click the name of the content class with the namespaces you want to reindex. 2. In the row of tabs below the content class name, click Reindex. The Content Class Namespaces section in the Reindex panel displays a list of the namespaces that are associated with the content class. 3. (Optional) Filter the list of namespaces by namespace name.

a. In the Content Class Namespaces field, type a text string to use as a filter.

This string can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space. It is not case sensitive. You cannot filter the namespace list while any of the namespaces in it are selected for reindexing. b. Click the find control (

).

4. For each namespace you want to reindex, click the add control (

) to select the namespace.

To select all the namespaces in the list, click Select All. To deselect a selected namespace, click the remove control ( To deselect all the namespaces after selecting all, click Clear. ) for the namespace.

The namespace row turns green.

5. In the Reindex Selected Namespaces section, select either All objects or Objects modified after.

If you select Objects modified after, either type a date in the associated field or click the calendar control ( mm/dd/yyyy If you enter an invalid date using the correct date format, HCP tries to convert it to a real date. For example, if you enter 11/31/2012, HCP converts it to 12/01/2012.

) to select a date. If you type a date, use this format:

6. Click Reindex Namespaces.

If you selected All objects, a confirming message appears.

7. In the window with the confirming message, select I understand to confirm that you understand the consequences of your action. 8. Click Reindex Namespaces.

Renaming a content class

You can rename a content class at any time. Renaming a content class has no effect on the associations between namespaces and that class. 1. On the Search page, in the list of content classes, click the name of the content class you want to rename. 2. In the Name field in the Settings panel, type a new name for the content class. 3. Click Update Settings. If you also modified the list of content properties for the content class, clicking Update Settings commits those changes as well.

Deleting a content class