To ensure that communication with AD is not disrupted, export a new SSL certificate from AD and upload it to HCP. Active Directory secure connection issue

HCP could not communicate with AD due to a problem with the AD SSL server certificate uploaded to HCP. Make sure that you have the correct certificate. Then upload the certificate again on the Active Directory page in the HCP System Management Console. If the problem persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider.

AD credentials invalid

The credentials for the HCP computer account used to query AD for groups are invalid. Reconfigure support for AD on the Active Directory page in the HCP System Management Console. The recommended procedure is to specify an HCP computer account that does not already exist in AD, thereby allowing the account to be created automatically.

AD partially configured

AD authentication is enabled only for the default namespace and is not currently supported for HCP namespaces. This can happen after an upgrade, where the CIFS protocol was enabled for the default namespace with AD authentication before the upgrade occurred. To enable support for AD for HCP namespaces, enable HCP support for AD on the Active Directory page in the HCP System Management Console.

All metadata is intact

HCP policies have found no problems with object metadata.

All objects are intact

HCP services have found no problems with object data.

All operation-types operations are disabled

The indicated types of operations are currently not allowed. This alert appears when any permissions are disabled in the systemwide permission mask.

An unrecoverable error has occurred

HCP is experiencing a problem it cannot fix by itself. Contact your authorized HCP service provider. Back-end switch error

One or more back-end switches are not operating normally. contact your authorized HCP service provider.

BBU charging

For HCP with internal storage systems only, the battery backup unit in one or more nodes is charging.

BBU degraded; charging

For HCP with internal storage systems only, the battery backup unit in one or more nodes is charging. The write-cache is disabled on those nodes.

BBU degraded; discharging

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

195/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

For HCP with internal storage systems only, the battery backup unit in one or more nodes is discharging. The write-cache is disabled on those nodes. BBU discharging

For HCP with internal storage systems only, the battery backup unit in one or more nodes is discharging.

BBU failed

For HCP with internal storage systems only, the battery backup unit in one or more nodes has failed. The write-cache is disabled on those nodes. If this alert appears for more than a few hours, contact your authorized HCP service provider. BBU in learn cycle

For HCP with internal storage systems only, the battery backup unit in one or more nodes is in a learn cycle. System performance may be temporarily degraded.

Below metadata protection level. Repairing...

Primary running storage contains too few copies of metadata for one or more objects. The ingest tier metadata DPL defined for the namespace that contains each object is higher than the number of copies of metadata for that object currently found in primary running storage. The Protection service is in the process of repairing this problem. Broken fan

IPMI sensors are detecting one or more nodes or CB 320 server chassis with fan speeds outside the recommended range.

Cannot access Key Distribution Center

HCP cannot access the Key Distribution Center in the AD domain specified in the HCP AD configuration. Check that both the AD domain controller and the network connection between HCP and that server are healthy. If they both appear to be working properly, contact your authorized HCP service provider. Cannot access LDAP server

HCP cannot access the LDAP server for the AD domain specified in the HCP AD configuration. Check that both the LDAP server and the network connection between HCP and that server are healthy. If they both appear to be working properly, contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Cannot communicate with chassis

The storage node specified in the CB 320 server chassis configuration cannot communicate with one or more chassis. Ensure that the chassis configuration is correct. If it is, contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Cannot connect to AD server