6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Parameter

Required

Description

directory

Yes

Folder name. file

Yes

Name of the file, including file extension.

type

Yes

Use the value acl.

Response headers

This operation does not return any request-specific headers.

Status codes

The table below describes the HTTP status codes that have specific meaning for this request.

Code

Meaning

Description

201 Created

HCP successfully stored the ACL.

400

Bad Request One of:

The request is trying to store an ACL in a namespace for which ACLs are not enabled.

The ACL is not well-formed XML or JSON. The ACL includes an invalid entry or an invalid value for an entry.

The ACL does not include a required entry. The ACL specifies a user, group, or domain that doesn’t exist. The ACL specifies an AD user or group but doesn’t include the domain entry. The ACL specifies an AD user or group, but the namespace does not support Active Directory

authentication. Multiple name entries include the same user or group. A user or group can be specified in only one name entry in an ACL. The permissions you have specified in the ACL exceed your user permissions.

The request is trying to store an ACL that contains more than one thousand access control entries. HCP cannot store ACLs that contain more than one thousand access control entries. The request has a Content-Encoding header that specifies gzip, but the ACL is not in gzip- compressed format. The URL in the request is not well-formed.

The request contains an unsupported query parameter or an invalid value for a query parameter. The request contains an If-Match, If-None-Match, If-Modified-Since, or If-Unmodified-si nce header.

If more information about the error is available, the HTTP response headers include the HCP-specific X-HC P-ErrorMessage header.

403 Forbidden

One of:

The Authorization header or hcp-ns-auth cookie specifies invalid credentials. The namespace requires client authentication, and the request does not have an Authorization header or hcp-ns-auth cookie. You don’t have write or write ACL permission. The namespace does not exist.

The access method (HTTP or HTTPS) is disabled.

If more information about the error is available, the HTTP response headers include the HCP-specific X-HC P-ErrorMessage header.

404 Not Found

One of:

HCP could not find the object for which you’re trying to store an ACL.

The URL contains a symbolic link to a directory anywhere other than in the last component.

415

Unsupported Media Type

One of:

The request has a Content-Encoding header with a value other than gzip. The request has a Content-Type header with a value other than application/xml or applicati on/json. The request has a Content-Type header with a value that doesn’t correspond to the content type of the ACL body.

Example: Storing an ACL for an object

Here’s a sample HTTP PUT request that stores the ACL defined in the

Q1_2012.acl.xml file for an existing object named Q1_2012.ppt. Request with curl command line

curl -k -H "Authorization: HCP bXl1c2Vy:3f3c6784e97531774380db177774ac8d" -iT Q1_2012.acl.xml -H "Content-Type: application/xml"

"https://finance.europe.hcp.example.com/rest/quarterly_rpts/ Q1_2012.ppt?type=acl"

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

776/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Request in Python using PycURL

import pycurl

import os filehandle = open("Q1_2012.acl.xml", 'rb') curl = pycurl.Curl()