An HCP group account that has the security role

Working with user accounts

To view, create, and manage HCP user accounts, you use the Users page in the Tenant Management Console. To display this page, in the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, select Security > Users. Roles:

View the user account list, you need the monitor, administrator, or security role View the full definitions of user accounts, you need the security role View the description, allow namespace management property, and data access permissions for user accounts, you need the monitor or administrator role Create, associate roles with, delete, and otherwise manage user accounts, except modifying the allow namespace management property and data access permissions, you need the security role Modify the allow namespace management property and data access permissions for user accounts, you need the administrator role

About the Users page

The Users page lets you create, modify, and delete user accounts. It also lists the existing user accounts.

Understanding the user account list

The Users page lists existing user accounts. For each account, the list shows: The username Whether the account is enabled or disabled The full name of the account user Whether the user login is authenticated locally or by RADIUS

To view additional information about an individual user account, click the account username.

Managing the user account list

By default, the user account list on the Users page includes all existing user accounts. The accounts are listed 20 at a time in ascending order by username.

You can page through, sort, and filter the list of user accounts. The Users page indicates which accounts are shown out of the total number of accounts in the current list. Paging

You can change the number of user accounts shown at a time on the Users page. To do this, in the Items per page field, select the number of tenants you want. The options are 10, 20, and 50.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

255/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

To page forward or backward through the user account list, click the next (

) or back (

) control, respectively.

1. In the Page field, type the page number you want. 2. Press Enter. Sorting

You can sort the user account list in ascending or descending order by username. To change the sort order, click the Username column heading. Each time you click the column heading, the sort order switches between ascending and descending. Filtering

You can filter the user account list by username. The filtered list includes only those user accounts with a username that begins with or is the same as a specified text string.

1. In the entry field above the list, type the text string you want to use as a filter.

This string can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space. It is not case sensitive.

2. Click the find control (

).

To redisplay the entire list of user accounts after filtering it, click the clear filter control (

).

Creating a user account

1. On the Users page in the Tenant Management Console, click Create User Account. 2. In the Create User Account panel, in the Username field, type a login name for the user account.

User names can be from one through 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters but cannot start with an opening square bracket ([). White space is allowed. User names are not case sensitive. The user name must be unique for the current tenant. Different tenants can have user accounts with the same user name. You can reuse user names that are not currently in use. For example, if you delete a user account, you can create a new account with the same user name.

Tip: Consider using email addresses as usernames. This gives you easy access to email addresses should you need to contact users.

3. In the Full Name field, type the name of the person for whom you are creating the account.

This name can be from one through 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space.

4. (Optional) Clear Enable account to have the user account initially disabled.