Write ACL

Lets users add, replace, and delete object ACLs.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

241/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Delete

Lets users delete objects, and custom metadata, and ACLs from the namespace.

Purge

Lets users delete all versions of an object with a single operation. For this permission to be granted, users must also have delete permission.

Users with any data access permissions for a namespace can view information about that namespace.

Note: To store an object with CIFS on a Windows client, a user must have both read and write permissions.

When you create a namespace, the set of minimum data access permissions is empty for both all users and authenticated users. You can modify these sets at any time. Access control lists

A namespace can be configured to allow users to associate ACLs with objects. An ACL consists of access control entries. Each access control entry grants a user or group of users (the grantee) one or more data access permissions for the applicable object.

ACL permissions

The permissions that can be included in an access control entry are: Read

Lets the grantee read and retrieve the object, including the system metadata and any custom metadata for the object, and list annotations for the object. To read or retrieve the object through CIFS or NFS, the grantee must also have browse permission.

Read ACL

Lets the grantee read and retrieve the object ACL. Write

Lets the grantee modify system metadata and add and replace custom metadata for the object.

Write ACL

Lets the grantee add, replace, or delete the object ACL.

Delete

Lets the grantee delete or purge the object and delete the object ACL. Use of ACLs

When you create a namespace, the use of ACLs is disabled. You can enable this feature for the namespace at any time. However, once this feature is enabled, you cannot disable it.

Users can add and replace ACLs only with the HTTP protocol. Therefore, if you enable the use of ACLs for a namespace, you should also enable that protocol.

Enforcing ACLs

While the use of ACLs is enabled for a namespace, you can specify whether HCP should enforce ACLs in that namespace. While HCP is enforcing ACLs, the operations that a given

user can perform on a given object are those permitted by any of:

The data access permissions associated with the applicable user account or group accounts The applicable minimum data access permissions specified in the namespace configuration The object ACL

When not enforcing ACLs, HCP allows only the operations permitted by the first two items above.

You can change the specification of whether HCP should enforce ACLs at any time while the use of ACLs is enabled. Replication

Replication is a process that supports configurations in which selected tenants and namespaces are maintained on two or more HCP systems and the objects in those namespaces are managed across those systems. This cross-system management helps ensure that data is well-protected against the unavailability or catastrophic failure of a system.

In addition to replicating objects, HCP replicates tenant and namespace configuration, user and group accounts, retention classes, content classes, all compliance log messages, and most other tenant log messages.

A replication topology is a configuration of HCP systems that are related to each other through replication. Typically, the systems in a replication topology are in separate geographic locations and are connected by a high-speed wide area network. This arrangement provides geographically distributed data protection (called geo-protection). Clients can read from namespaces on all systems where those namespaces are replicated. The replication topology, which is configured at the system level, determines the systems on which clients can write to namespaces. Replication benefits

Replication has several purposes: