You can create an HCP group account from any group defined in the AD forest that HCP uses for user authentication. The only exceptions are predefined groups such as

Administrators that have the same SID in all domains.

You can use a single operation to both create new group accounts and change the roles associated with existing group accounts. In this case, all the accounts involved end up with the same roles.

To view group accounts, you need the monitor, administrator, or security role. To create and manage group accounts, you need the security role.

1. On the Groups page in the System Management Console, click Add Active Directory Groups.

The Find and Select Groups section lists all the AD groups HCP knows about. Groups for which system-level HCP group accounts already exist are marked with a checkmark (

).

2. Optionally, filter the list of AD groups:

a. In the Find and Select Groups field, type a text string to use as a filter for the list of AD groups. This string can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid

UTF-8 characters, including white space. It is not case-sensitive.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

23/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

b. If Trusted Forests is enabled, in the From drop down menu, select the forest in which the group exists. This filters the groups down to only the groups that exist in the

selected forest. c. Click the find control (

).

To redisplay the entire list of AD groups after filtering it, click the clear filter control (

).

3. For each AD group from which you want to create an HCP group account, click the add control (

) to select the group. The group row turns green.

Also, for each AD group with an existing HCP group account for which you want to change the associated roles, click the add control (

) to select the group. The group row turns green.

To select all the groups in the list, click Select All.

To deselect a selected group, click the remove control (

) for the group.

To deselect all the selected groups, click Clear.

4. In the Assign Roles to Selected Groups section, select the roles you want to associate with all the new group accounts you’re creating and all the existing group accounts for

which you’re changing the associated roles. You can select any number of roles, including none.

5. Click Add Groups.

Modifying a group account

You can change the roles associated with HCP group accounts at any time. You can do this for an individual group account, as described below, or for multiple group accounts in a single operation.

To view group accounts, you need the monitor, administrator, or security role. To create and manage group accounts, you need the security role.

1. In the list of HCP group accounts on the Groups page in the System Management Console, click the name of the group account you want to modify.

2. In the Roles section, select or deselect roles as applicable. 3. Click Update Group.

Deleting a group account

You can delete a group account at any time. Deleting a group account has no effect on the corresponding group in AD.

When you delete a group account, AD users in the corresponding AD group immediately lose the roles granted by that group account.

When a group is deleted in AD, the corresponding HCP group account is not automatically deleted. However, the name of the group account changes to the SID of the deleted AD group. HCP group accounts that correspond to deleted AD groups serve no purpose and should be deleted. Note:

The System Management Console may not immediately reflect the change to the HCP group account name. To force the displayed name to change, you can clear the AD cache.

However, this also affects any AD users currently using HCP interfaces.

To view group accounts, you need the monitor, administrator, or security role. To create and manage group accounts, you need the security role.

1. In the list of group accounts on the Groups page in the System Management Console, click the delete control (

) for the group account you want to delete.

2. In response to the confirming message, click Delete.