Deselecting HCP namespaces for tenants in an active/active link

You select and deselect HCP namespaces for replication in the Manage Namespaces window for the tenant that owns the namespaces. To open this window, in the link content

Tenants panel, click the manage namespaces control ( itself.

) for the owning tenant. This control is present only if the tenant has granted system-level users administrative access to When you start from an active/active link, the Manage Namespaces window has these sections:

Namespaces Selected for Replication

Lists the tenant's namespaces that are currently selected for replication

Important:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

344/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

In the Namespaces Selected for Replication section, rows containing namespaces that have been deleted from HCP are highlighted in red and have a trash can icon

(

) on the right. HCP automatically removes each deleted namespace from this list after the deletion has been replicated.

Do not manually remove deleted namespaces from this list. If you do, the deletion will not be replicated.

Disabling replication for a namespace that has already been replicated may cause object data in that namespace to become inaccessible on one or more systems in the replication topology. Local Namespaces

Lists the namespaces that are owned by the tenant on the local system and that are not currently selected for replication

Remote Namespaces

Lists the namespaces that are owned by the tenant on the other system involved in the link and that are not currently selected for replication

To close the Manage Namespaces window without taking any action, click the close control ( ) in the upper right corner.

1. (Optional) In the Namespaces Selected for Replication section, filter the list of namespaces that are currently selected for replication. 2. For each listed namespace you want to deselect from replication, click in the namespace row. The namespace is selected, and the namespace row changes color.

To select all the namespaces in the list, click Select All above the list.

To deselect a selected namespace, click in the namespace row. To deselect all the selected namespaces, click Clear.

3. Click Remove Selected Namespaces below the list.

Adding default-namespace directories in an active/active link

The link content Default Tenant panel for an active/active link has these sections: Directories Replicating

Lists the HCP default-namespace directories already included on the link.

Local Directories

Lists the default-namespace directories on the local system that are not currently included on the link. This list does not include directories that are read-only on the local system due to replication. Remote Directories

Lists the default-namespace directories on the other system involved in the link that are not currently included on the link. This list does not include directories that are read- only on the other system due to replication.

1. (Optional) Filter the list from which you want to select one or more directories to add to the link. 2. In the applicable directory list, select the directories you want to add to the link. To select all the directories in the list, click Select All above the list.. To deselect all the selected directories, click Clear above the list.

3. Click Add Selected Directories below the applicable list.

Removing default-namespace directories in an active/active link

The link content Default Tenant panel for an active/active link has these sections: Directories Replicating

Lists the HCP default-namespace directories already included on the link.

Local Directories

Lists the default-namespace directories on the local system that are not currently included on the link. This list does not include directories that are read-only on the local system due to replication. Remote Directories

Lists the default-namespace directories on the other system involved in the link that are not currently included on the link. This list does not include directories that are read- only on the other system due to replication.