192.168.210.18 admin.hcp-ma.example.com

192.168.210.19 admin.hcp-ma.example.com

2001:0db8::101 admin.hcp-ma.example.com 2001:0db8::102 admin.hcp-ma.example.com

2001:0db8::103 admin.hcp-ma.example.com

2001:0db8::104 admin.hcp-ma.example.com

Logging in

Depending on the HCP system configuration, you can log in to the System Management Console with an HCP user account or a recognized AD user account. To log into the System Management Console:

1. Open a web browser.

2. In the address field, enter the URL for the System Management Console for your HCP system.

If you inadvertently use http instead of https in the URL, the browser returns an error. Enter the URL again, this time using https. One of these happens:

If all of these are true, you are automatically logged in to the System Management Console, and the Console Overview page appears:

You are currently logged in to Windows with a recognized AD user account.

HCP is configured to support AD.

Your web browser is configured to support single sign-on with AD.

This is single sign-on. No further action is required.

If HCP is configured to support AD but any of the following apply, a message appears indicating that single sign-on was not possible:

You are not currently logged in to Windows with a recognized AD user account.

Your web browser is not configured to support single sign-on.

You are not on a Windows computer.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

12/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

In these cases, you need to click Console login page in the message to display the System Management Console login page. If HCP is not configured to support AD, the System Management Console login page appears.

The System Management Console login page shows the specific version of the HCP release, the version numbers of any hotfixes that have been applied to the HCP system,

and the serial number for the HCP system. After you enter the Console, this information appears at the bottom of each page.

3. In the Username field, type your username.

4. In the Password field, type your case-sensitive password.

When using an HCP user account, if you try to log in with an invalid password multiple consecutive times, you are locked out of the Console. The exact number of times is configurable.

AD can also be configured to disable user accounts after a given number of authentication attempts with an invalid password.

Important: If you’re using a locally authenticated HCP user account, you should change your password as soon as possible the first time you log into the System Management Console.

5. If HCP is configured to support AD, in the Domain field, select the applicable domain your user account:

If you’re using an HCP user account, select the domain name of the HCP system. If you’re using a recognized AD user account, select the AD domain in which your user account is defined.

If HCP is not configured to support AD, the login page does not display the Domain field.

6. Click Log In.

The Console displays the Overview page or, if you’re using an HCP user account and are required to change your password, the Change Password page.

During system startup, you can log into the System Management Console before startup processing is complete. However, until more than half of the nodes have completed

their startup processing, the Console displays only the Hardware page.

The Console automatically switches to the Overview page or Change Password page, as applicable, when the required number of nodes is available. Using the System Management Console

System Management Console pages display information about the HCP system. Some pages also let you configure various aspects of the system.

Console pages have menus and hyperlinks for navigation. Each page shows a horizontal menu at the top. Some of the menu options display a secondary menu when you hover your cursor over them. To navigate to a page, you click the corresponding menu option.