The list below describes the headers you can use in a request to list the contents of a bucket.

Authorization

Specifies user credentials or requests anonymous access.

Date

Specifies the date and time when the request is being made according to the requester. Normally, this is the current date and time. The date and time must always be specified using Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). To specify the date and time, use this format: DDD, dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss (+0000|GMT)

In this format:

DDD

The three-letter abbreviation for the day of the week, with an uppercase first letter (for example, Mon).

dd

The two-digit day of the month.

MMM

The three-letter abbreviation for the month, with an uppercase first letter (for example, Feb). yyyy

The four-digit year.

HH

The hour on a 24-hour clock.

mm

The number of minutes.

ss

The number of seconds.

For example:

Thu, 23 Mar 2017 14:27:05 +0000

All S3 compatible requests must include either a Date header or an x-amz-date header. If a request includes both headers, HCP uses the date and time in the x-amz-date header. Host

Specifies the hostname for the request. The host name identifies either a tenant or a bucket.

For a tenant, use this format:

tenant-name.hcp-domain-name

For a bucket, use this format:

bucket-name.tenant-name.hcp-domain-name

x-amz-date

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

584/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Specifies the date and time at which the request is being made according to the requester. Normally, this is the current date and time. For the valid values for this header, see the description of the Date header above.

x-hcp-pretty-print

Optionally, requests that the XML response body be formatted for readability. Valid values are: true

Format the XML response body for readability.

false

Do not apply any special formatting to the XML response body.

The default is false. The values true and false are not case sensitive.

Response headers

The list below describes the headers returned in response to a successful request to list the contents of a bucket. Content-Type

Specifies the Internet media type of the response body. For a request to list the contents of a bucket, the value of this header is always application/xml;charset=UTF-8.

Date

The date and time when HCP responded to the request, in Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). The date and time are returned in this format: DDD dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss GMT

For example:

Fri, 18 Sep 2020 14:27:05 GMT

Transfer-Encoding

Indicates that HCP could not determine the size of the response body before formulating the response. For a request to list the buckets you own, the value of this header is always chunked.

Response body

The response body returned in response to a request to list the contents of a bucket differs depending on whether request is for the current (or only) versions of objects or for object versions.

The list below describes the XML elements in the two formats of the response body returned in response to a request to list the contents of a bucket. The elements are listed in alphabetical order. CommonPrefixes

Child of the ListBucketResult or ListVersionsResult element and container for the Prefix element. The response body contains one CommonPrefixes element for each common prefix in the bucket listing.

Contents

Child of the ListBucketResult element and container for the elements that describe a current item in the bucket. The response body contains one Contents element for each item that satisfies the request criteria. DeleteMarker

Child of the ListVersionsResult element and container for the elements that describe a delete marker. The response body contains one DeleteMarker element for each delete marker that satisfies the request criteria.

Delimiter