If the information is incorrect, click Cancel.

The wizard closes and the Manage tab of the Support Access Credentials page is displayed.

7. Review the HCP system log to ensure that it includes an informational event indicating that the exclusive Support access credentials have been applied to the system. If you

see any error messages related to applying the exclusive credentials, notify your authorized service provider.

Managing domains and SSL server certificates

You can create multiple domains in HCP and associate one or more SSL server certificates with each domain. HCP uses these domains and certificates to facilitate and secure communications over its built-in and user-defined networks.

About domains

A domain is a group of computers or devices that are administered as a unit. In terms of HCP, a domain consists of nodes in a single HCP system.

Domains are associated with networks. Clients that communicate with HCP over a given network can use the name of the domain associated with that network to identify the system.

Each network specifies IP addresses for the system nodes. A single domain can be associated with multiple networks. Therefore, a single domain can correspond to multiple sets of

IP addresses.

An HCP system can have at most 201 domains. You can create domains at any time. You can delete a domain only while it is not associated with any networks. Domain names

Every domain has a name. A domain name can contain only letters, numbers, and hyphens (-). It must consist of at least three segments, separated by periods (.). Each segment must be one through 63 characters long. The entire domain name, including the periods between segments, must be less than 128 characters long.

When specifying a domain name, you can use both uppercase and lowercase letters. However, when you save the domain, HCP converts any uppercase letters to lowercase.

If the HCP system is configured to use DNS, the higher-level portion (minimally, the last two segments) of the name of each domain that you create must identify a DNS domain to which you have administrative access.

Domains cannot be subdomains of each other. For example, if a domain named hcp.example.com already exists, you cannot specify cust1.hcp.example.com as the name of another domain. In the URL for access to a tenant, the tenant name is inserted before the name of the domain. For this reason, you should not specify the tenant name as part of the domain name.

For example, suppose you create a tenant named finance for Customer-1 and a domain named finance.cust1.com. If you select finance.cust1.com as the domain for the network you associate with the finance tenant for management purposes, the URL for access to the Tenant Management Console for the finance tenant is https://finance.finance.cust1.com.

During HCP installation, one domain is created automatically. The name of this domain is the name specified for the system during the installation procedure. This domain is created regardless of whether the system is configured to use DNS. Domains and DNS

Typically, domains are defined in a DNS. For each domain, the DNS lists all node IP addresses assigned to each network with which the domain is associated.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

129/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

With DNS, you can manage domains in a single set of corporate DNS servers. Alternatively, you can set up separate DNS servers for different networks that use the same domain.

Or, you can use a combination of these two techniques. In any case, you need to ensure that your networking environment and DNS configuration allow client requests to be routed to the correct HCP network.

If DNS is in use at your site, you can take advantage of DNS configuration options to further enhance the security of the HCP networks. However, HCP does not require the use of DNS. Without DNS, you can still define multiple domains in HCP and associate them with networks. In this case, to enable client requests to be routed to an HCP network, users would use the hosts file on each client computer to map the node IP addresses assigned to the network to the fully qualified domain name (FQDN) of the domain associated with the network.