The properties you can use for advanced queries differ depending on the active search facility.

Criteria for advanced queries with the metadata query engine

This section describes the formats for the criteria you use to construct advanced queries while the metadata query engine is active. customMetadataContent property

To search for objects based on the full-text content of custom metadata, you specify the customMetadataContent property in an advanced query. Criteria that use this property find objects only in namespaces that have full-text indexing of custom metadata enabled.

When custom metadata is indexed for full-text searching, the XML is treated as text, not as a structured content. Similarly, the customMetadataContent property value is treated as text. aclGrant property

To query for objects based on the content of ACLs, you specify the aclGrant property in an advanced query. Valid values for this property have these formats:

"permissions"

"permissions,USER[,location,username]"

"permissions,GROUP,location,(ad-group-name|all_users|authenticated)" In these formats:

permissions

One or more of these with no space between them:

R

Read_ACL

r

Read

W

Write_ACL

w

Write

d

Delete

If you specify only permissions as the aclGrant property value, the advanced query finds objects with ACLs that grant the specified permissions to any user or group. USER

Required when querying for objects with ACLs that grant permissions to a specified user. If you are accessing the Metadata Query Engine Console with a tenant-level user account that’s defined in HCP, you can find objects that have ACLs that grant the specified

permissions to that user account by specifying only a permissions value and USER. GROUP

Required when querying for objects with ACLs that grant permissions to a specific group of users.

location

The location in which the specified user or group is defined. Valid values are either:

The name of an HCP tenant

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

904/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The name of an AD domain preceded by an at sign (@)

If the value for the aclGrant property includes all_users or authenticated, location must be the name of an HCP tenant.

username

The name of a user to which the matching ACLs grant the specified permissions. Valid values are:

The username for a user account that’s defined in HCP.

The username for an AD user account. This can be either the user principal name or the Security Accounts Manager (SAM) account name for the AD user account. ad-group-name

The name of an AD group to which the matching ACLs grant the specified permissions.

all_users

Represents all users.

authenticated

Represents all authenticated users.

Specifying permissions

The permissions in an aclGrant property value must be specified in this order

R, r, W, w, d

For example, to find objects that have ACLs that grant write and write_ACL permissions, and only those permissions, to the user rsilver who is defined in the europe tenant, specify this advanced query:

aclGrant:"Ww,USER,europe,rsilver"

You can replace one or more permissions with the asterisk (*) wildcard character. When you do so, you still need to specify permissions in the correct order.

When you specify both an asterisk and one or more permission values, the Console returns objects with ACLs that grant only the permissions you explicitly specify or that grant the permissions you explicitly specify and any permissions represented by the asterisk. For example, this advanced query returns objects with ACLs that grant read, read_ACL, write,

and write_ACL permissions and may also grant delete permission: aclGrant:"RrWw*"

A single asterisk represents all the missing permissions in the location where it appears. For example, in this advanced query, the wildcard character represents any combination of

write, write_ACL, and delete permissions:

aclGrant:"r*"