1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Namespaces. 2. In the list of namespaces, click the name of the namespace you want. 3. Check Allow overwrite of objects via Hitachi API for Amazon S3 if versioning is disabled.

Changing the default index setting

When you create a namespace, its default index setting is to index. Once the namespace exists, you can change this setting at any time.

To view the default index setting for a namespace, you need the monitor or administrator role. To change the default index setting for a namespace, you need the administrator role. 1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Namespaces. 2. In the list of namespaces, click the name of the namespace you want. 3. In the row of tabs below the namespace name, click Policies.

4. On the left side of the Policies panel, click Indexing. 5. In the Indexing panel: To enable indexing, select Index objects. To disable indexing, deselect Index objects.

6. Click Update Settings.

Changing minimum data access permissions

When you create a namespace, the set of minimum data access permissions is empty both for all users (that is, authenticated users and users that access the namespace anonymously) and for authenticated users. Once the namespace exists, you can modify these sets at any time.

To view the minimum data access permissions for a namespace, you need the monitor or administrator role. To change the minimum data access permissions for a namespace, you need the administrator role. 1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Namespaces. 2. In the list of namespaces, click the name of the namespace you want. 3. In the row of tabs below the namespace name, click Protocols. 4. In the Protocols panel, click Minimum Data Access Permissions.

5. In the Minimum Data Access Permissions panel, select or deselect permissions, as applicable, for all users (Anonymous and Authenticated Access) and for authenticated

users (Authenticated Access Only). Selecting Read automatically selects Browse. Selecting Search automatically selects Read and Browse. Selecting Purge automatically selects Delete. By default, selecting a permission in the Anonymous and Authenticated Access row automatically selects the same permission in the Authenticated Access Only row and prevents the permission from being deselected in that row. For information about changing this behavior, see the next step.

6. Click Advanced Configuration. 7. (Optional) Take either of these actions: To ensure that authenticated users always have the minimum permissions for all users in addition to the minimum permissions for authenticated users regardless of whether the protocol they’re using requires authentication, select Enforce anonymous permissions for authenticated users.

Selecting this option causes permissions in the Authenticated Access Only row to be selected automatically when you select the corresponding permissions in the Anonymous and Authenticated Access row.

To allow unauthenticated users to have permissions that don’t apply to authenticated users when those users are using a protocol that requires authentication, deselect Enforce anonymous permissions for authenticated users.

Deselecting this option allows you to select permissions in the two rows independently of each other.

8. Click Update Settings.

Enabling the use of ACLs When you create a namespace, the use of ACLs is disabled. Once the namespace exists, you can enable this feature. However, after enabling this feature, you cannot disable it.

To enable the use of ACLs for a namespace, you need the administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Namespaces. 2. In the list of namespaces, click the name of the namespace you want. 3. In the row of tabs below the namespace name, click Settings. 4. On the left side of the Settings panel, click ACLs. 5. In the ACLs panel, select Enable ACLs. 6. In response to the confirming prompt, click Enable ACLs.

Changing the option to enforce ACLs

By default, when you enable the use of ACLs for a namespace, the option to enforce ACLs is enabled. You can enable or disable this option at any time while the use of ACLs is enabled.

To view or change the option to enforce ACLs for a namespace, you need the administrator role. 1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Namespaces.