hold, this value is either true or false. retention, this value is one of: initialUnspecified

For objects with a retention setting of Initial Unspecified

neverDeletable

For objects with a retention setting of Deletion Prohibited

expired

For objects with a retention setting that is Deletion Allowed or a specific date in the past

not expired

For objects with a retention setting that is a specific date in the future

retentionClass, this value is the name of a retention class for an object in the result set. namespace, this value identifies a namespace that contains an object in the result set. The value has this format: namespace-name.tenant-name

content-property-name, this value is a value of the named content property that occurs in the result set.

HTTP status codes

The table below describes the possible HTTP status codes for metadata query API requests.

Code

Meaning

Description

200

OK

HCP successfully processed the query.

400 Bad Request

The request syntax is invalid. Possible reasons for this error include:

The query request contains an invalid URL query parameter.

The query request body contains invalid XML or JSON (for example, an invalid entry name). The query request body contains an invalid entry value, such as a malformed version ID or invalid

directory path. One of the sort, facet, query, or objectProperties request entries contains an invalid object property. The request contains a Content-Encoding header that specifies gzip, but the request body is not in

gzip-compressed format. The cURL -d option is specified instead of the --data-binary option with a request body in gzip-

compressed format For object-based queries, the query request entry specifies a query expression that is not in UTF-8 format. For operation-based queries, the query request specifies a namespace that does not exist. For object-based queries, HCP has insufficient memory to process and return query results. To avoid this error, take one or more of these actions:

Specify more precise query criteria to return fewer results. Omit the sort request entry. Omit the facets request entry.

If more information about the error is available, the response includes the HCP-specific X-HCP-ErrorMess age HTTP header.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

859/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Code

Meaning

Description

403

Forbidden

One of: The request does not include an Authorization header or hcp-ns-auth cookie. The Authorization header or hcp-ns-auth cookie specifies invalid credentials. The Authorization header or hcp-ns-auth cookie specifies credentials for a system-level user account that is not configured to allow use of the metadata query API. The Authorization header or hcp-ns-auth cookie specifies credentials for a system-level user account, but the URL specifies an HCP tenant that has not granted administrative access to

system-level users. For operation-based queries, the Authorization header or hcp-ns-auth cookie specifies credentials for a tenant-level user, but the query specifies a namespace for which that user account does not have search permission. For operation-based queries, the Authorization header or hcp-ns-auth cookie specifies credentials for a system-level user account that is configured to allow use of the metadata query API and the URL specifies admin, but the request body specifies a namespace in a tenant that has not granted administrative access to system-level users. The tenant specified in the URL does not exist.

If more information about the error is available, the response includes the HCP-specific X-HCP-ErrorMess age HTTP header.

406 Not Acceptable

One of:

The request does not have an Accept header, or the Accept header does not specify application/xml or application/json.

The request has an Accept-Encoding header that does not specify gzip or *.

413

Request Entity Too Large

Request body exceeds the 8k limit.

415

Unsupported Media Type One of:

The request does not have a Content-Type header, or the Content-Type header does not specify application/xml or application/json. The request has a Content-Encoding header with a value other than gzip.

500