1112

Storage status became

A hardware condition has rendered storage

No action is required. unavailable

status unavailable.

1113

Spindown capacity warning

The amount of free spindown storage on the HCP storage nodes is low.

Consider adding spindown storage capacity to the HCP system before the amount of free spindown storage becomes critically low.

1114 Spindown capacity critical

The amount of free spindown storage on the HCP storage nodes may be insufficient to support the addition of new objects.

Increase the amount of free spindown storage by adding more storage capacity or deleting objects from the repository.

1115

Moving database

The database is being moved to new logical volumes on a node.

No action is required.

1116

Database moved

The database has been moved to new logical volumes on a node.

No action is required.

1117

Failed to move database

The database move to new logical volumes on a node has failed.

Contact your authorized service provider.

1118

Old database deleted

The old database has been deleted.

No action is required.

1119

Moving database

The database is being moved to the new dedicated logical volume on a node.

No action is required.

1120

Database moved

The database has been moved to the new dedicated logical volume on a node.

No action is required. 1200

Last update sent to Hitachi Device Manager was unsuccessful

HCP is unable to communicate with the HDvM server.

Ensure that you have correctly configured Hitachi Device Manager in the System Management Console and that the Hitachi Device Manager server is healthy.

1201 Log handler test message

A user sent a test message to the syslog servers or SNMP managers.

No action is required.

1202

About to change syslog settings

A user changed the settings for syslog logging.

No action is required.

1203

Syslog settings changed A user changed the settings for syslog logging.

No action is required.

1204

About to change SNMP settings

A user changed the settings for SNMP logging.

No action is required.

1205

SNMP settings changed A user changed the settings for SNMP logging.

No action is required.

1206

Email notification failed

SMTP or email settings may be incorrect.

Check the SMTP and email settings. If the settings are correct, contact your SMTP administrator for help.

1220

Successfully downloaded logs

The HCP internal logs have been successfully downloaded.

No action is required.

1221

Started to download logs

A user has requested a download of the HCP internal logs.

No action is required. 1222

Failed to download logs The requested download of the HCP internal logs

has failed.

Try to download the logs again. If that fails, contact your authorized service provider.

1223

Started to download logs for node

HCP has started downloading the internal logs on a node.

No action is required.

1224

Successfully downloaded logs for node

HCP has finished downloading the internal logs on a node.

No action is required.

1225

Failed to download logs for node

HCP failed to download the internal logs from a node and is continuing with the next node.

No action is required.

1226

Logs marked

A user inserted a message into the HCP internal logs.

No action is required.

1227

Log encryption key uploaded

A user uploaded an encryption key for use when downloading the HCP internal logs.

No action is required.

1228

Log encryption key deleted

A user deleted an encryption key that was used when downloading the HCP internal logs.

No action is required. 1229

Log download preparation started

A user has requested a download of the HCP internal logs.

No action is required.

1230

Log download preparation complete

Log download preparation is complete, and the HCP internal logs are ready to be download.

No action is required.

1231

Log download started

The HCP internal logs have begun streaming to an HTTP client.

No action is required.