This option appears only if versioning is enabled for the namespace.

c. In the Reason for Deletion field, type the reason why you’re deleting the object. This text must be from one through 1,024 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space.

6. Click Delete This Object. 7. In response to the confirming message, click Delete Object.

Tenant Management Console alerts

The Tenant Management Console uses icons to report tenant and namespace status on the tenant Overview, Namespaces, and Search pages and on the namespace Overview panel. The Console also uses icons to report conflicting user accounts on the Users page. These icons, called alerts, are accompanied by text on the tenant Overview page and namespace Overview panel. On all pages on which they appear, alerts have text that’s displayed when you hover over them.

This appendix describes the alerts that can appear on the Console pages and shows the hover text for each alert. Where applicable, the appendix also tells you how to respond to the alerts.

The alerts in each table in this appendix are listed alphabetically by their hover text. Tenant Overview page alerts

Conflicting user accounts

Two or more user accounts have the same username. This can happen after an upgrade if, before the upgrade occurred, a user account and a data access account (created in an HCP release earlier than 5.0) had the same username. Resolve the conflict by merging or separating the conflicting accounts on the Users page in the Tenant Management Console. Irreparable and unavailable objects

One or more of the tenant's namespaces contain irreparable objects, and one or more of the tenant's namespaces contain unavailable objects. Please contact your HCP system administrator. To see which objects are irreparable, go to the Irreparable Objects panel for the applicable namespaces. Irreparable objects

One or more of the tenant's namespaces contain irreparable objects. Please contact your HCP system administrator. To see which objects are irreparable, go to the Irreparable Objects panel for the applicable namespaces.

Nonreplicating objects

The namespace contains objects that are not replicating. Please contact your HCP system administrator.

Soft quota exceeded

The amount of storage used by all the tenant's namespaces exceeds the soft quota configured for the tenant. Consider deleting some objects from the namespaces or requesting an increase in the hard quota for the tenant.

Tenant has namespace-count namespace(s) configured for CIFS with authenticated access only, but CIFS authenticated access is not currently supported One or more of the tenant's namespaces are configured for CIFS authenticated access only, but the system is not configured to support the use of authenticated CIFS. As a result, CIFS cannot be used for access to those namespaces. Reconfigure the affected namespace(s) to support both anonymous and authenticated access with CIFS.

Tenant with DPL 1 namespaces that are not replicating

The tenant owns one or more namespaces that have a DPL of 1 (one) and are not being replicated. All HCP namespaces with a DPL of 1 should be replicated to ensure that the stored data is protected. If replication is not available, increase the DPL of the affected namespaces. This alert appears only in HCP systems in which setting the DPL to one for a namespace can leave objects unprotected.

Unavailable objects

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

307/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help One or more of the tenant's namespaces contain unavailable objects. Please contact your HCP system administrator. Namespaces page alerts

AD single sign-on access disabled.

Active Directory single sign-on is currently not working with the HTTP protocol. Please contact your HCP system administrator.

Anonymous access allowed

One or more enabled protocols allow clients to access the namespace without presenting user credentials for authentication.

Content classes but no custom metadata indexing

The namespace is associated with one or more content classes, but custom metadata indexing is disabled for the namespace. The metadata query engine is not indexing content properties for objects in the namespace.

DPL 1 namespace is not replicating