Replication link stalled Replication has unexpectedly stopped on a replication link. Check the network connection between the two systems involved in the link. If the connection appears to be working properly, contact your authorized HCP service provider for help.

Replication links shut down

All replication links in which this system is involved are shut down. No replication or recovery activity is occurring on these links, and the links cannot be used for read-from-remote or object-repair purposes. Reverse IP lookup failed for Key Distribution Center

HCP was able to do a reverse IP lookup of an IP address used for communication with the primary AD domain controller for the Key Distribution Center. However, HCP was unable to do a reverse IP lookup of an IP address used for communication with another AD domain controller in the same domain or in another domain. For more information about the problem, go to the Active Directory page in the HCP System Management Console. Reverse IP lookup failed for Key Distribution Center

HCP was unable to do a reverse IP lookup of an IP address used to communicate with the primary AD domain controller for the Key Distribution Center. For more information about the problem, go to the Active Directory page in the HCP System Management Console.

Reverse IP lookup failed for LDAP server

HCP was able to do a reverse IP lookup of an IP address used to communicate with the primary AD domain controller for the LDAP server. However, HCP was unable to do a reverse IP lookup of an IP address used to communicate with another domain controller in the same domain or in another domain. For more information about the problem, go to the Active Directory page in the HCP System Management Console.

Reverse IP lookup failed for LDAP server HCP was unable to do a reverse IP lookup of an IP address used to communicate with the primary AD domain controller for the LDAP server. For more information about the problem, go to the Active Directory page in the HCP System Management Console.

S Series Balancing service is missing from current schedule

The S Series Balancing service is not included in the current schedule. SSD RAID degraded

An SSD is experiencing errors or has failed completely. Contact your authorized HCP service provider for help.

SSD RAID rebuilding

The SSD RAID volume is rebuilding. It cannot be accessed until the rebuild process is complete. Single sign-on issue

The SPN attribute for one or more tenants or namespaces is missing from the AD domain. If the HCP system is involved in replication, these tenants and namespaces could be defined in any system in the replication topology. For information about which tenants are involved, see the Status section on the Active Directory page in the HCP System Management Console. If the missing SPN attribute is for a namespace, have the administrator for the tenant that owns the namespace disable and reenable AD single sign-on for the namespace.

If the missing SPN attribute is for a tenant, disable and reenable AD authentication for the tenant. If the issue is still not resolved, reconfigure HCP support for AD on the Active Directory page in the HCP System Management Console. If the problem persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Some nodes not using the correct time source One or more nodes are using a time source other than what is configured for the system. That is, they are using internal time when external time is configured, or they are using external time when internal time is configured.

Spindown storage usage is percent used

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

201/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

For HCP with SAN-attached storage systems with spindown storage, spindown storage is less than 75 percent full.

Spindown storage usage is percent used

For HCP with SAN-attached storage systems with spindown storage, spindown storage is 75 to less than 90 percent full. Consider adding more spindown storage capacity to the HCP system.

Spindown storage usage is percent used For HCP with SAN-attached storage systems with spindown storage, spindown storage is 90 or more percent full. HCP will not move any more objects to spindown storage until either objects are removed from spindown storage or spindown storage capacity is increased.

Storage Tiering service is missing from the current schedule

The HCP system includes the Storage Tiering service which should be, but is not scheduled. No objects will be moved to spindown or external storage.