6. The changes on system B are replicated to system A. The resulting annotations for the object on system A are:

a1 with the changed content from system A a2 (unchanged) a3 with the content added on system B Example 2

The object starts out with the annotations named a1, a2, and a3 on both system A and system B.

The following list shows a sequence of events in which the annotations for the object are changed and the changes are then replicated.

1. On system B, a client changes the content of a1. 2. On system A, a client deletes a1. 3. On system A, a client changes the content of a2. 4. On system B, a client changes the content of a2. 5. On system A, a client deletes a3. 6. On system B, a client changes the content of a3.

7. The changes on system A are replicated to system B. The resulting annotations for the object on system B are:

a2 with the changed content from system B a3 with the changed content from system B

8. The changes on system B are replicated to system A, the resulting annotations for the object on system A are:

a2 with the changed content from system B a3 with the changed content from system B Example 3

In a default-namespace directory, the object starts out with same custom metadata on system A and system B.

The following list shows a sequence of events in which the custom metadata for the object is changed and the change is then replicated.

1. On system B, a client replaces the custom metadata for the object with new custom metadata. 2. On system A, a client replaces the custom metadata for the object with different custom metadata from the custom metadata used on system B. 3. The change on system A is replicated to system B. The resulting custom metadata for the object on system B is the new custom metadata from system A. Access control list collisions

An ACL collision occurs when these events occur in the order shown:

1. Different changes are made to the ACL for a given object on each of two systems in a replication link. 2. The changed ACL on one of the systems is replicated to the other system.

An ACL is treated as a single unit. If a collision occurs when a changed ACL for a given object is replicated from one system (system A) in a replication link to another system (system B) in the link:

If the last change to the ACL on system A is more recent than the last change to the ACL on system B, HCP changes the ACL on system B to match the changed ACL on system A If the last change to the ACL on system B is more recent than the last change to the ACL on system A, HCP does not change the ACL on system B

For example, suppose the ACL for a given object starts out with these grants on both system A and system B:

All users: read User lgreen: write User mwhite: write, delete The following list shows a sequence of events in which the ACL for the object is changed and the change is then replicated.

1. On system B, a client changes the grants in the ACL to:

All users: read User lgreen: write, delete User mwhite: write, delete, read ACL 2. On system A, a client changes the grants in the ACL to:

All users: read User mwhite: write User pdgrey: write

3. The changed ACL on system A is replicated to system B. The resulting ACL for the object on system B contains these grants:

All users: read User mwhite: write User pdgrey: write Configuration collisions

A configuration collision occurs when these events occur in the order shown:

1. Different changes are made to the same configuration property on each of two systems in a replication link. 2. The changed property on one of the systems is replicated to the other system.

Examples of configuration properties include:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

337/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help