storage service provider permits a different maximum size. Contact your service provider to learn the maximum size.

Whether the storage that’s represented by this component is considered to be compliant. The account label that you want to associate with the initial Microsoft Azure user account that you want HCP to use to access the storage that’s represented by the component. In the System Management Console, HCP uses the account label to represent the user account with the specified credentials.

The access key and secret key for the Microsoft Azure user account that you want HCP to use to access the storage that’s represented by the component.

After you create a Microsoft Azure storage component, you can modify it to specify credentials for one or more additional user accounts.

Optionally, any custom request headers that you want HCP to include in the access request URLs that are sent to Microsoft Azure to request read or write access to the

storage associated with the specified user account. Whether you want to access existing containers associated with the specified user account, and if so, the name of each existing container you want to access. At any given time, a container can be associated with only one storage component.

You can add an existing container to a Microsoft Azure storage component only if that container is empty or has only HCP data in it.

Whether you want to create any new containers for the specified user account, and if so, the name of each new container you want to create.

Note: By default, the Add Component wizard displays a list of the existing containers that HCP is able to access using the specified user account credentials, but the wizard does not display the controls required to create a new container. To create a new container, you need to click Container Actions, then select Create new from the dropdown

list, then specify the name of the container you want to create. S3 compatible storage component settings

Each S3 compatible component represents a single physical storage device or cloud storage service that’s used to access storage using a protocol that’s compatible with the Amazon S3 access protocol.

To enable HCP to access the storage that’s represented by an S3 compatible storage component, when you create that component, you specify the following information:

Optionally, the network you want communicating with the storage component. This field is only visible if Virtual network management is enabled.

The endpoint that HCP needs to use to access the physical device or cloud storage service that manages the storage that’s represented by this component. Optionally, you can choose any of these advanced configuration settings:

Whether you want HCP to use HTTPS to access the endpoint, and if so, the HTTPS port you want to use to connect to the endpoint (default is 443). The HTTP port you want to use to connect to the endpoint (default is 80). Whether you want to use a proxy server to connect to the endpoint, and if so, the following information about the proxy server:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

46/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The host name or IP address of the proxy server. The port number you want to use to connect to the proxy server (default is 0).

The user name, password, and AD domain of the user account that HCP needs to use to access the proxy server.

Whether you want HCP to use path-style URLs to access the storage that’s represented by the storage component. Whether the extended storage component supports S3 metadata on objects. If you are unsure whether S3 metadata is supported, contact your service provider. In the Max metadata size field, type the maximum size (in bytes) of the S3 metadata that will be attached to objects tiered to the storage component. Each extended

storage service provider permits a different maximum size. Contact your service provider to learn the maximum size.

Whether the storage that’s represented by this component is considered to be compliant. The account label that you want to associate with the initial user account that you want HCP to use to access the storage that’s represented by the component. In the System

Management Console, HCP uses the account label to represent the user account with the specified credentials. The authentication type you want to use to authenticate all requests sent from HCP to the storage component. The access key and secret key for the user account that you want HCP to use to access the storage that’s represented by the component.