You can add, modify, and delete rows in the Recipients section at any time.

Understanding the recipients list Each row in the Recipients section specifies:

One or more email addresses. Whether to send email only about important log messages (Major) to the specified email addresses or to send email about all log messages (All). The severity of the log messages about which to send email:

Notice

Tells HCP to send email about log messages with a severity level of notice, warning, or error. Warning

Tells HCP to send email about log messages with a severity level of warning or error. Error

Tells HCP to send email only about log messages with a severity level of error.

Whether to send email about general log messages (

). General log messages are all messages that do not have a type of security or compliance.

Whether to send email about log messages with a type of security (

).

Whether to send email about log messages with a type of compliance (

).

Email recipients receive email only about log messages that have all the selected properties.

Modifying rows in the recipients list

1. Add a row.

a. (Optional) In the Recipients field, type a comma-separated list of one or more well-formed email addresses. b. Click Add.

A new row appears in the recipients list with importance set to Major, severity set to Error, and only general selected as the type. The row is highlighted in green.

2. Modify a row.

a. (Optional) In the Address field, type additional well-formed email addresses and/or modify or delete existing addresses. This field must contain at least one well-formed email address and no incorrectly formed addresses.

b. (Optional) Change the properties based on which HCP sends email to the specified addresses.

If you deselect all the types, no email is sent to the specified addresses.

3. To delete a row, click the delete control ( ) for the row.

The row turns red.

4. Click Update Settings at the bottom of the page. Monitoring and managing replication

The Replication page in the Tenant Management Console shows information about replication of the current tenant when both of these conditions are true:

The tenant is eligible for and currently selected for replication. The HCP system is configured to show this information.

If the tenant is eligible for but not currently selected for replication, the page shows a replication status of Not Replicating.

You can use the statistics and graphs on the Replication page to monitor replication progress. You can also use the page to select and deselect namespaces to be replicated along with the tenant.

To display the Replication page, in the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, select Services > Replication.

Roles: To view the Replication page, you need the monitor or administrator role. To select and deselect namespaces for replication, you need the administrator role. Tenant-level view of replication

At the tenant level, the Replication page shows:

Only on an HCP system that’s sending data for the tenant to other systems, the approximate number of objects and parts of multipart objects currently waiting to be replicated in all namespaces owned by the tenant. Only on an HCP system that’s sending data for the tenant to other systems, the approximate amount of data currently waiting to be replicated in all namespaces owned by the tenant, in bytes. On an HCP system that’s sending data for the tenant to other systems or receiving data for the tenant from other systems, the current rate of replication activity, expressed as operations per second and as bytes per second. An operation is the replication of a single item, such as the creation of a new object, a metadata change, or a namespace configuration change.

These rates are the sums of the corresponding rates for the tenant's namespaces. A list of the namespaces selected for replication with the tenant. For each namespace, the list shows a progress bar that measures the up-to-date-as-of time for replication of that namespace, along with this time as a numeric value. The length of the progress bar represents 30 days, with the right end representing the current time.

The up-to-date-as-of time is the difference between:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

267/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM