In the Socket Timeout (ms) field, type the amount of time you want to wait for data to be transferred over an open connection before the connection closes.

Max Connections

In the Max Connections field, type the max connection pool size.

Max Error Retries

In the Max Error Retries field, type the maximum allowable error retries. User Agent

In the User Agent field, type the user agent.

TCP Send Buffer Size Hint

In the TCP Send Buffer Size Hint field, type the optional size hint (in bytes) for the low-level TCP send buffers.

TCP Receive Buffer Size Hint

In the TCP Receive Buffer Size Hint field, type the optional size hint (in bytes) for the low-level TCP receive buffers. Enable additional data integrity validation

Select this option if you want the S Series Node to check the md5 hash of every object it receives against the hash generated by HCP when writing the object. If the hashes do not match, the object fails to tier.

Maximum object size (GB)

In the Maximum object size (GB) field, type the maximum allowable object size. Enable multipart object uploads

Allows HCP to write objects to the S Series Node using multipart object upload. Starting with release 2.0 of the S Series Node, multipart upload is automatically

disabled by the system and, under normal circumstances, should not be enabled. If you choose to configure Enable multipart object uploads:

Multipart object upload size threshold (MB)

In the Multipart object upload size threshold (MB) field, type the object size threshold you want HCP to use to determine when to employ a multipart upload.

Multipart object upload part size (MB)

In the Multipart object upload part size (MB) field, type the part size of a single part of a multipart object upload. Support Metadata

Whether the extended storage component supports S3 metadata on objects. If you are unsure whether S3 metadata is supported, contact your service provider.

Max metadata size

In the Max metadata size field, type the maximum size (in bytes) of S3 metadata files that will be attached to objects written to S Series Nodes. S Series Nodes permit a maximum size of 6,144 bytes. Note:

Support Metadata and Max metadata size options only work for S Series Nodes release 2.0 or later. When you upgrade an S Series Node to release 2.0 or later, the

metadata settings take effect within twenty-four hours.

5. After you are finished, perform one of the following actions:

If you want to save your configuration, click Update Settings. If you want to restore the page to its default settings, click Reset Advanced Settings.

Pausing and resuming an HCP S Series storage component

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

42/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

When an HCP S Series storage component is in use, you can pause it at any time. Pausing the component makes it inaccessible for all read and write operations and for storage tiering. After you resume the component, it becomes available again for read and write operations and for tiering. 1. Go to the Storage > Components page.

2. Click an S Series Node.

The Storage > Node page opens.

3. Click the Manage tab.

4. Click Pause Component.

After the storage component is paused, the button is replaced with Resume Component.

5. To resume communication between HCP and the storage component, click Resume Component. Deleting an HCP S Series storage component

If the storage represented by an HCP S Series storage component is not being used to store objects in any namespaces defined on the HCP system, you can safely delete that

storage component.

1. Retire the storage component.

2. On the Storage > Retirement page, click the retired S Series Node.

3. Click Delete Volume. If the node is not successfully retired, the Delete Volume button is inaccessible. Abandoning an HCP S Series storage component

Abandoning an HCP S Series storage component removes the associated S Series Node from the HCP system. This can be done regardless of whether data is tiered to the S