This section of the help contains information about:

The information displayed for tenants Creating, modifying, and deleting tenants

Accessing the Tenant Management Console for a tenant Resetting tenant security (HCP tenants only)

Changing the product branding that’s exposed to tenants Selecting the protocol optimization option you want for the tenant About the Tenants page

To view, create, and manage tenants, you use the Tenants page in the HCP System Management Console. To display this page, in the top-level menu, click Tenants.

The Create Tenant bar on the Tenants page shows:

The total amount of storage currently used by all namespaces in the HCP system

The total amount of storage still available out of the total storage capacity for the HCP system

The Tenants page also lists the existing tenants.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

88/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Note: To view the Tenants page, you need the monitor or administrator role.

Understanding the tenant list

The Tenants page contains a list of existing tenants. For each tenant, the list shows: The tenant name.

In an HCP system that uses virtual networking, the network assigned to the tenant for management purposes. In an HCP system that uses virtual networking, the network assigned to the tenant for data access purposes.

Icons for any current alerts that apply to the tenant. Alerts indicate conditions that may need your attention. To see the text that accompanies an alert icon, hover your cursor over the icon. The total amount of storage currently used by all the tenant's namespaces.

For HCP tenants only, a graphical representation of the amount of storage used out of the hard quota for the tenant. For HCP tenants only, the hard quota for the tenant.

For the default tenant and for each HCP tenant that has been configured to allow system-level users to manage it and search its namespaces, an icon ( to open the Tenant Management Console for the tenant.

) that you can click

To view additional information about an individual tenant, click the tenant name. Managing the tenant list

By default, the tenant list on the Tenants page includes all existing tenants. The tenants are listed 20 at a time in ascending order by tenant name.

You can page through, sort, and filter the list of tenants. The Tenants page indicates which tenants are shown out of the total number of tenants in the current list. Paging

You can change the number of tenants shown at a time on the Tenants page. To do this, in the Items per page field, select the number of tenants you want. The options are 10, 20, and 50.

To page forward or backward through the tenant list, click the next (

) or back (

) control, respectively.

To view the Tenants page, you need the monitor or administrator role.

1. In the Page field, type the page number you want. 2. Press Enter. Sorting

You can sort the tenant list in ascending or descending order by tenant name, management network, data access network, or hard quota. To sort the list, click the column heading

for the property you want to sort by. Each time you click the column heading, the sort order switches between ascending and descending. Filtering

You can filter the tenant list by tenant name, management network, data access network, or tag. The filtered list includes only those tenants with a name, management network, data

access network, or tag, as applicable, that begins with or is the same as a specified text string.

You can filter the tenant list by using the fields above the list. You can also filter the list by tag using the tag control.

To view the Tenants page, you need the monitor or administrator role.

1. In the field above the Name column, select the property you want to filter by. 2. In the next field, type the text string you want to use as a filter. This string can be up to 64 characters long, can contain any valid UTF-8 characters except commas (,), and is not case sensitive. White space is allowed.

3. Click the find control ( ).

4. To redisplay the entire list of tenants after filtering it, click the clear filter control ( ).