In English, the name you specify for a tenant must be from one through 63 characters long, can contain only alphanumeric characters and hyphens (-), and cannot start or end with a hyphen. In other languages, because the derived English hostname cannot be more than 63 characters long, the name that you specify can be limited to fewer than 63 characters.

Tenant names cannot contain special characters other than hyphens and are not case sensitive. White space is not allowed.

Tenant names cannot start with xn-- (that is, the characters x and n followed by two hyphens).

You can reuse tenant names that are not currently in use. So, for example, if you delete a tenant, you can create a new tenant with the same name that you originally

assigned to the deleted tenant.

The following words are reserved and cannot be used as tenant names: admin, cifs, default, fcfs, nfs, scavenging, search, search-api, smb, smtp, snmp, and www. c. Optionally, in the Description field, type a description of the tenant. This text can be up to 1,024 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space.

d. In the Management Network field, select the management network for the tenant. The dropdown list of networks does not include empty networks.

The Management Network field is present only if the HCP system is configured to support virtual networking or has the [hcp_management] network enabled.

e. In the Data Network field, select the data access network for the tenant. The dropdown list of networks does not include empty networks.

The Data Network field is present only if the HCP system is configured to support virtual networking.

f. In the Hard Quota field, type the number of gigabytes (GB) or terabytes (TB) of storage to make available to the tenant and select either GB or TB to indicate the

measurement unit. Valid values are decimal numbers with up to two places after the period. The minimum is 1 (one) for GB and .01 for TB. g. In the Soft Quota field, type the percentage point at which you want HCP to notify tenant administrators that free storage space is running low. Valid values are

integers in the range 0 (zero) through 100.

h. Take one of these actions:

To specify a namespace quota for the tenant, in the Namespace Quota field, type an integer in the range 1 (one) through the current number of namespaces available for allocation.

The number of available namespaces is displayed below the Namespace Quota field. This number is equal to 10,000 minus the number of namespaces

currently allocated to HCP tenants, minus the number of namespaces currently owned by HCP tenants that do not have quotas, minus one for the default namespace, if it exists. If any tenants are above their quotas, the number of excess namespaces is also subtracted from the number of available namespaces.

To create the tenant without giving it a namespace quota, select No quota.

i. In the Authentication Methods section, select one or more of these authentication methods for the tenant: Local, RADIUS, and Active Directory. If you select RADIUS,

you also need to select one or both of these RADIUS authentication methods: Local or Active Directory.

j. In the Initial Security Account section, select Local or Active Directory to specify the type of initial security account that you want to create for the tenant. Then: If you selected Local, specify the user name and password for the initial HCP user account that you want to create for the tenant:

In the Username field, type a name for the initial HCP user account for the tenant. Usernames must be from one through 64 characters long, can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, and cannot start with an opening square bracket ([). White space is allowed.

User names are not case-sensitive.

In the Password field, type a password for the initial HCP user account. Passwords can be up to 64 characters long, are case-sensitive, and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space. The minimum length for the password for the initial user account is six characters.

To be valid, a password must include at least one character from two of these three groups: alphabetic, numeric, and other.