2. Click the version icon ( 3. In the version list, click the version ID or type icon for the version you want. ) to display a list of the versions of the object. Storing objects and versions

1. Navigate to the directory in which you want to store the object or version.

2. If the Upload Object tab is not active, click it. 3. Click Browse. Then select the file you want.

4. Click Upload.

The new object is added with the default metadata values for the namespace.

Deleting objects and symbolic links

1. Navigate to the directory that contains the object or symbolic link.

2. Click the delete icon (

) for the object or link you want to delete.

Note: Deleting a symbolic link deletes the link itself, not the target object.

3. In response to the confirming message, click OK.

If the list displays deleted objects, the object name is crossed-out. If the list does not display deleted objects, the object disappears from the list.

Creating directories

1. Navigate to the parent directory.

2. If the Create Directory tab is not active, click it. 3. Enter the name of the new directory in the entry field below the Create Directory tab. 4. Click Create.

Viewing namespace information

Viewing accessible namespaces

You can use the Namespace Browser to view a list of the namespaces to which you have access. When you view accessible namespaces, the list shows all namespaces owned by

the specified tenant for which you have at least one permission.

Note: If you’re accessing the Browser anonymously, this list can include namespaces that allow anonymous access through protocols other than HTTP but do not allow anonymous

access through HTTP. You cannot access such namespaces anonymously through the Namespace Browser.

To view the namespaces that you can access, click Namespaces in the Namespace Browser menu bar. Namespace information

The Namespaces page contains a list of the namespaces you can access. For each namespace, the list shows:

Namespace name.

Hash algorithm.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

806/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Data protection level.

Whether versioning is enabled. Whether search is enabled.

Retention mode. This mode affects whether privileged operations are allowed on objects. A namespace can be in either of two retention modes: compliance or enterprise. In enterprise mode, privileged operations are allowed. In compliance mode, they are not allowed.

Default shred setting for objects added to the namespace. Default index setting for objects added to the namespace.

Default retention setting for objects added to the namespace. Namespace description.

Managing the namespace list By default, the namespace list on the Namespaces page includes all existing namespaces. The namespaces are listed 20 a time in ascending order by namespace name.

You can page through, sort, and filter the list of namespaces. The Namespaces page indicates which namespaces are shown out of the total number of namespaces in the current list. Paging

You can change the number of namespaces shown at a time on the Namespaces page. To do this, in the Items per page field, select the number of namespaces you want. The options are 10, 20, and 50.

To page forward or backward through the namespace list, click the next (

) or back (

) control, respectively.

1. In the Page field, type the page number you want. 2. Press Enter. Sorting

You can sort the namespace list in ascending or descending order by namespace name or by hard quota. To sort the list, click the column heading for the property you want to sort

by. Each time you click the column heading, the sort order switches between ascending and descending.

Filter using filter fields

You can filter the namespace list by namespace name or tag. The filtered list includes only those namespaces with a name or tag, as applicable, that begins with a specified text string.

You can filter the namespace list by name or by tag by using the fields above the list.

1. In the field above the Name column, select Name to filter by name or Tag to filter by tag.

2. In the next field, type the text string you want to use as a filter.