Lets users use the HCP metadata query API and the HCP System Management Console to query or search namespaces. For users to query or search a namespace,

read operations must also be allowed.

Selecting Search automatically selects Read.

2. Click Update Settings. System monitoring

HCP maintains a system log in which it records messages about events that happen within the system. You can view this log in the HCP System Management Console. You also have the option of sending system log messages to syslog servers, SNMP managers, and/or email addresses. Additionally, you can use SNMP to view and, when allowed, change HCP system settings.

The System Management Console lets you monitor CPU, memory, logical-volume, and network usage. You can use the information presented to analyze trends in the use of these resources and to decide when you need to take action to ensure that HCP uses its resources effectively.

To track system capacity and bandwidth usage at the tenant and namespace levels, you can generate chargeback reports. These reports can be used as input to billing applications. You can configure HCP to push information to Hitachi Device Manager (HDvM) so you can monitor and manage HCP along with your other Hitachi storage systems from a single console. The following sections:

Describe the information available in the system log and explains how to view the log

Explain how to send log messages to specified syslog servers, SNMP managers, and email addresses Explain how to configure SNMP for viewing and changing system settings Describe the information available about system resource usage Explain how to generate chargeback reports Explain how to configure the HDvM connection (HCP with SAN-attached storage systems only)

Understanding the HCP system log

While the Overview page in the System Management Console gives you a view of the system as a whole, the HCP system log lets you monitor system activity on a more detailed level. The log records system events such as:

Nodes and services starting Changes to the system configuration Logical volume failures User logins to the HCP System Management Console Each recorded entry about an event is called a message. The system log contains all the messages written to it since the HCP system was installed.

The System Management Console provides several views of the log:

The All Events panel on the System Events page displays all the messages in the system log that your roles allow you to see.

The Security panel on the System Events page displays only messages about attempts to log into the System Management Console with an invalid user name. Only users with the security role can see this panel. The Logs section on the Resources page displays all the messages in the system log that your roles allow you to see. The Major Events section on the Overview page displays only messages about major events (for example, the addition or failure of a node). The Events section on the Storage Node page displays only messages about events that relate to a particular node. The Service Events section on the Schedule page displays only messages related to HCP services that can be scheduled to run at specific times.

Viewing the complete event log

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

142/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The All Events panel on the System Events page lists all event messages logged since the HCP system was installed. By default, the panel displays 20 messages at a time in reverse chronological order.

To view the All Events panel, you need the monitor, administrator, security, service, or compliance role. However, only users with the security role can see messages about attempts to log into the System Management Console with an invalid user name.

You can display the All Events panel.

Tip: Use the Search filter to monitor system events based on a user-specified date range, event ID, or node. For more information, see Managing the message list. 1. In the top-level menu of the System Management Console, select Monitoring > System Events. 2. On the left side of the System Events page, click All Events.

Viewing the system security log

The Security Events panel on the System Events page lists all messages about attempts to log into the System Management Console with an invalid username that have occurred since the HCP system was installed. By default, the panel displays 20 messages at a time in reverse chronological order.

Note: To view the Security Events panel, you need the security role.