HCP uses the options that you specify in addition to the above options. The additional options that you can specify are:

lookupcache=none

noatime nodiratime

nosuid port=n retrans=n

rsize=n tcp

proto=tcp6 timeo=n wsize=n

Other mount command options are not supported.

If the [hcp_system] network is currently configured to use both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses, you need to specify tcp or proto=tcp6 to indicate which type of IP address you want

HCP to use to connect to the NFS storage component.

The full pathname of each directory that you want to access using an NFS mount point.

Note: At any given time, a mount point can be associated with only one NFS storage component.

By default, the Add Component wizard displays a list of the existing mount points that HCP is able to access using the specified user account credentials, but the wizard does not display the controls required to specify the pathname for an existing NFS share. To specify a directory that does not appear in the list, you need to click Mount Point

Actions, then specify the full path name of the directory for which you want to create an NFS mount point.

Modifying an extended storage component You can use the Components panel on the Storage page to view and modify the configuration of any extended storage component. To display this panel, click the Components tab on the left side of the Storage page.

You can modify the following items associated with an extended storage component:

Change one or more of the configuration settings that are specified when the component is first created. Modify one or more of the default values for the advanced settings used for the extended storage component. Each type of extended storage component has slightly different advanced settings.

Typically, you do not need to change any of the default values that are used for the advanced settings for an extended storage component.

Add a new access point (a mount point, bucket, or container) to an existing storage component.

Delete any access point that’s not currently in use. For all types of extended storage components except NFS:

Configure a new user account to be used to access the cloud storage service endpoint or S3 compatible storage device endpoint that’s represented by the component. Delete any user account that’s not currently in use. Modifying the configuration settings that are specified for an extended storage component

To view the Storage page, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, or delete extended storage components and extended storage pools, you need the administrator role.

1. On the left side of the Storage page, click the Components tab. 2. On the Components panel, click the table row that contains the name of the component that you want to modify. 3. At the top of the panel that opens, click the Settings tab. 4. On the panel that opens, use the fields to change any of the settings that are currently used for the component. 5. Click Update Settings.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

48/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Modifying the advanced configuration settings that are used for an extended storage component To view the Storage page, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, or delete extended storage components and extended storage pools, you need the administrator role.

1. On the left side of the Storage page, click the Components tab. 2. On the Components panel, click the table row that contains the name of the component that you want to modify. 3. At the top of the panel that opens, click the Advanced tab.

4. On the panel that opens, use the fields to change any of the settings that are currently used for the component or click Reset Advanced Settings to change all advanced

settings to use the default values.

5. Click Update Settings.

Adding access points to an extended storage component

To view the Storage page, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, or delete extended storage components and extended storage pools, you need the administrator role. 1. On the left side of the Storage page, click the Components tab. 2. On the Components panel, click the table row that contains the name of the component for which you want to configure one or more new access points.