On both systems for an active/active or active/passive link, errors are occurring at a high rate. If you see this status for:

An active/active link, check the health of both systems involved in the link An active/passive link during replication, check the health of the replica. An active/passive link during data recovery, check the health of the primary system

In any case, also check the health of the network connection between the two systems involved in the link. If you cannot find the problem, contact your authorized HCP service provider for help.

Stalled link

On both systems for an active/active or active/passive link, activity on the link has stopped. Check the network connection between the two systems. If the connection appears to be working properly, contact your authorized HCP service provider for help.

Unrecognized link On either system for an active/active or active/passive link, the other system involved in the link doesn’t recognize the link. Restore the link. Then, if applicable, start data recovery. Broken link

On both systems for an active/active or active/passive link, the Replication service cannot contact any nodes on the other system involved in the link. If you see this status for:

An active/active link, check the health of both systems involved in the link An active/passive link during replication, check the health of the replica An active/passive link during data recovery, check the health of the primary system

In any case, also check the health of the network connection between the two systems involved in the link. If you cannot find the problem, contact your authorized HCP service provider for help.

If more than one status applies to a link, the page shows the icon and text for only one of the statuses.

For additional information on the status of a link, hover over the status icon. Note: The System Management Console may not immediately reflect certain changes in link status. Alerts

If replication or recovery activity is paused for one or more tenants on the link, either of these icons:

Replication or recovery has been manually paused for one or more tenants on the link.

Replication or recovery has been automatically paused for one or more tenants on the link. To view text describing the condition that’s causing this alert, hover over the alert icon.

If replication or recovery is paused manually for one or more tenants and automatically for one or more other tenants, the page shows only the icon indicating an automatic pause.

The number of nodes on the other system that can receive replication transmissions from the current system. If the current system can determine the total number of storage nodes on the other system, the page shows that number as well. General link information

The list of links on the replication Links page shows the current status of each replication link. To further monitor the status of a link and to manage the link, click the name of the link in the list.

The top part of the page that opens shows this information for the link: The link name. The name of the domain associated with the [hcp_system] network for the local system (the system where you’re viewing the link). The name of the domain associated with the [hcp_system] network for the other system involved in the link (the remote system for the link). A large arrow showing the direction of the link, overlaid with the link status. For an active/active link, this arrow has two arrowheads, one at each end. For active/active links, the date and time before which configuration changes and changes to namespace content are guaranteed to be synchronized in both directions between the two systems involved in the link. For active/passive links, the date and time before which configuration changes and changes to namespace content are guaranteed to have been replicated or recovered on the link, as applicable. Link overview

To monitor the status of and activity on a replication link, you use the link status Overview panel in the HCP System Management Console. To display this panel:

1. In the list of links on the replication Links page, click the link you want to monitor.

2. On the replication link details page, click Status. 3. In the link Status panel, click the Overview tab.

If the replication link is part of one or more active, retiring, or retired erasure coding topologies, the top part of the link status Overview panel lists the topologies that include that link.

The Sending and Receiving sections in the link status Overview panel show the current status of activity on the link: