You can configure HCP to automatically push the information. You can also manually request a push at any time.

To display the HDvM page, in the top-level menu of the System Management Console, select Monitoring > HDvM. To view the HDvM page, you need the monitor or administrator role. To configure the HDvM connection, you need the administrator role.

The HDvM page shows the date and time HCP last pushed information to HDvM and the HDvM response to that action. If the last attempt to push information was unsuccessful, the panel also shows the time of and response to the last successful push.

Note: A response message of “Partial update” may be the result of a transient error (for example, a LUN scan that hasn’t finished yet). If you see this message, wait a few minutes. Then request the information push again. If you see this message repeatedly, contact your authorized HCP service provider for help.

For information about using HDvM, see the applicable HDvM documentation.

Configuring HCP to work with HDvM

To view the HDvM page, you need the monitor or administrator role. To configure the HDvM connection, you need the administrator role. 1. On the HDvM page of the System Management Console, to have HCP automatically push information to HDvM, select Enable scheduled updates to HDvM. 2. In the Device Manager Server field, type the host name or IP address that you want HCP to use to connect to HDvM. 3. In the Username field, type your username for logging in to HDvM. 4. In the Password field, type your password. If you’re modifying the HDvM settings and you leave the Password field empty, the previously set password remains in effect.

5. In the Frequency field, select the frequency with which you want HCP to automatically update HDvM with new information.

You can use the Send Now button on this page to force an update at any time.

6. Optionally, click Test to verify that HCP can contact HDvM with the settings you’ve specified.

HCP displays a message at the top of the page indicating whether the test was successful. If it wasn’t, correct the settings. You can use the Test button to test the HDvM connection at any time.

7. Click Update HDvM Settings.

Preparing and downloading health check reports

Health check reports provide information about the health status of the available nodes in your HCP cluster.

You can prepare and download health check reports using either the HCP System Management Console or the HCP management API.

Using the System Management Console to prepare and download health check reports

You can create health check reports on HCP nodes in a cluster that are running and available.

1. In the top-level menu of the System Management Console, select Monitoring > Health Check Reports. The Health Check Reports page is displayed.

2. (Conditional) If you recently prepared health check reports for download and the Download Health Check Reports button is enabled, you can download the reports if desired.

Then click Cancel to reinitialize the Prepare Reports for Download pane.

3. In the Prepare Reports for Download pane:

a. In the Start Date and End Date fields, enter or select a date range for the reports.

The default values for these fields is the current day.

b. (Optional) Enter a comment to include in the manifest.csv file that is included in the reports download archive.

4. Click Prepare Health Check Reports.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

187/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The HCP system runs a health diagnostic tool on the available system nodes. The tool runs various signatures to collect system health information. You do not need to remain on the Health Check Reports page while the report preparation is in progress.

After the health diagnostic tool finishes and the reports are prepared, status messages are displayed in the General Node Preparation Status pane in the Status column associated with each node, the checkboxes associated with each node for which the reports were successfully prepared are selected, and the Download Health Check

Reports button is enabled. 5. Complete one of these actions: