5. At the bottom of the page, click Update Settings.

Retiring a service plan

You can retire a service plan at any time. When you retire a service plan, the plan remains in effect for all namespaces and tenants to which it is currently assigned. However, a

retired service plan is no longer available to be assigned to any new or existing tenants or namespaces. You can also reactivate a retired service plan at any time to make that service plan available to be assigned to tenants and namespaces once again.

To view existing service plans and monitor storage usage for storage tiers defined for one or more service plans, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, retire,

and delete service plans, you need the administrator role.

1. On the left side of the Storage page, click the Service Plans tab.

2. On the Service Plans panel, click the table row that corresponds to the service plan for which you want to configure a new storage tier. 3. At the top of the panel that opens, click the Settings tab. 4. On the Settings tab, in the Retire service plan section, take one of these actions:

If you want to retire the service plan, select Retire.

If you want to reactivate the service plan, deselect Retire.

5. At the bottom of the page, click Update Settings.

Deleting a service plan You can delete any service plan except the Default service plan at any time. However, in order to delete a service plan that’s assigned to one or more tenants or namespaces, you

need to specify a replacement service plan for those tenants and namespaces.

When you delete a service plan, objects to which that plan applied must now comply with the replacement service plan that you specified when you deleted the plan. The next time

the Storage Tiering service processes such an object, the service moves or changes the object as needed to comply with the specified replacement service plan.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

65/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

To view existing service plans and monitor storage usage for storage tiers defined for one or more service plans, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, retire, and delete service plans, you need the administrator role.

1. On the left side of the Storage page, click the Service Plans tab.

The Service Plans panel displays a list of service plans that are currently configured on the HCP system. A delete control ( currently assigned to any tenants or namespaces.

) appears next to each service plan that’s not

2. Take one of these actions:

If the service plan you want to delete is not currently assigned to any namespaces or service plans, on the Service Plans panel:

a. Click the delete control ( b. In response to the confirming message, click Delete.

) in the table row that corresponds to the service plan you want to delete.

If the service plan is associated with one or more tenants or namespaces, on the Service Plans panel:

a. Click the table row that corresponds to the service plan that you want to delete. b. At the top of the panel that opens, click the Manage tab. c. On the Manage panel, in the Delete service plan section in the Replacement Service Plan field, select the service plan that you want to assign to all

namespaces and tenants that are currently assigned to the service plan you want to delete. d. Click Delete Service Plan.

HCP deletes the service plan from the system and assigns the specified replacement service plan to each tenant and namespace to which the deleted service plan was assigned.

Monitoring storage

In the HCP System Management Console, you can monitor the status and usage of storage components, storage pools, buckets, containers, mount points, and service plans.

Several System Management Console pages and reports display storage status and usage information:

The Storage > Overview shows storage and service plan usage statistics in various formats. The details pages for these items show overall usage statistics for the applicable component or pool:

Primary running storage component

Primary running storage pool Primary spindown storage component Primary spindown storage pool

The Storage > Components page lists all storage components and shows status and high-level usage information for them.