5. Click Update Settings.

If you deselected Enable search, HCP displays a confirming message.

6. In the window with the confirming message, select I understand to confirm that you understand the consequences of your action. 7. Click Update Settings.

Reindexing an individual namespace

1. In the Search panel for the namespace, in the Reindex section of the Search panel, in the first field, select either:

Metadata Query Engine to have the metadata query engine reindex the namespace HCP Search Facility to have the HCP search facility reindex the namespaces The Reindex section displays either Namespace indexed or Namespace not indexed to indicate whether the namespace is currently included in the index for the selected search facility.

2. Select either All objects or Objects modified after.

If you select Objects modified after, either type a date in the associated field or click the calendar control ( If you enter an invalid date using the correct date format, HCP tries to convert it to a real date. For example, if you enter 11/31/2015, HCP converts it to 12/01/2015.

) to select a date. If you type a date, use this format: mm/dd/yyyy

3. Click Reindex Objects.

If you selected All objects, a confirming message appears.

4. In the window with the confirming message, select I understand to confirm that you understand the consequences of your action. 5. Click Reindex Objects. If indexing is disabled for the namespace, the procedure above does not by itself start the reindexing process. To start reindexing the namespace, you need to reenable indexing.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

304/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Working with retention classes

Retention classes provide a means to consistently manage data that must remain in a namespace for a specific amount of time. For example, if local law requires that medical records be kept for a specified number of years, you can use a retention class to enforce that requirement.

Retention classes are defined on a per-namespace basis. The classes you create for one namespace are not visible in any other namespace.

You create retention classes in the Tenant Management Console. Users and applications can then use those classes as retention settings for objects. This chapter describes retention classes and explains how to create, modify, and delete them.

Note: Retention classes apply only to HCP namespaces.

About retention classes

A retention class is a named value that, when used as the retention setting for an object, specifies how long the object must remain in its namespace. This value can be:

An offset from the time the object is created. You specify an offset as numbers of years, months, or days.

For example, you could create a retention class named HlthReg-107 with an offset of 21 years. Then, all objects assigned HlthReg-107 as their retention setting could not be deleted for 21 years after they’re created. One of these special values:

Deletion Allowed

The object can be deleted at any time.

Deletion Prohibited

The object can never be deleted by means of a normal delete operation. If the namespace is in enterprise mode, however, the object can be deleted by means of a privileged delete operation. Initial Unspecified

The retention period for the object is unspecified. The object cannot be deleted by means of a normal delete operation while it has this retention setting. If the namespace is in enterprise mode, however, the object can be deleted by means of a privileged delete operation.

A fixed future date that the object will be deleted.

The retention period for an object assigned to a retention class is calculated from the value of that class. So, for example, if an object stored on October 8, 2011, is assigned to a

retention class with an offset value of seven years, the retention period for that object expires on October 8, 2018.

You can choose to have HCP automatically delete the objects assigned to a retention class when they expire. This applies only to retention classes with a value that’s an offset. It does not apply to retention classes with special values.

Automatic deletion of expired objects in retention classes occurs only if disposition is enabled. Display the Retention Classes panel