administrator.

2028

HCP found an irreparable object HCP was unable to repair the object. The

repair may be retried at a later time.

Contact your HCP system administrator. Error

2044

HCP found an unavailable object HCP could not repair an object because the

object was unavailable.

Contact your HCP system administrator.

Warning

2046

HCP found an irreparable object HCP found a broken object it could not repair. Contact your HCP system

Error

administrator.

2070

Object has been shredded

An object was shredded.

No action is required. Notice

2087

Disposition service stopped: run complete

The Disposition service finished successfully. No action is required.

Notice

2088

Disposition service stopped without finishing

The Disposition service stopped without completing its run. The service will resume at some point in the future.

No action is required. Warning

2089

Disposition service stopped: run complete

The Disposition service finished successfully. No action is required.

Notice

2090

Disposition service stopped without finishing

The Disposition service stopped without completing its run. The service will resume at

No action is required. Warning

some point in the future.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

309/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

ID

Event

Explanation

Action

2092

Disposition service stopped without finishing

The Disposition service stopped without completing its run. The service will resume at some point in the future.

No action is required.

2093

Disposition service stopped without finishing

The DIsposition service stopped without completing its run. The service will resume at some point in the future.

No action is required.

2154

Additional namespaces included in tenant replication

The indicated namespaces were selected to be included in replication of the tenant.

No action is required.

2155

One or more namespaces removed from tenant replication

The indicated namespaces were removed from replication of the tenant.

No action is required.

2156

Replication automatically paused Replication of the tenant was automatically

If the cause is one or more for this tenant

paused for the indicated reason.

namespace name collisions, rename each indicated namespace. If the cause is that the replica does not support the DPL of one or more namespaces, lower the DPL of each indicated namespace. Alternatively,

in either case, you can deselect the namespace from being replicated. After you make the necessary changes, notify your HCP system administrator that the problem has been resolved.

2157

Namespace replication collision detected

A namespace replication collision was detected, possibly requiring intervention from the tenant administrator.

If the cause is one or more namespace name collisions, rename each indicated namespace. If the cause is that the replica

does not support the DPL of one or more namespaces, lower the DPL of each indicated namespace. Alternatively, in either case, you can deselect the namespace from being replicated. After you make the necessary changes, notify your HCP system administrator that the problem has been resolved.

2160

User account replicated with

Either or both of two user accounts with the

Ensure that the user

collisions

same user ID on a 4.x system were modified on that system, resulting in conflicting values for one or more properties. On replication to this system, the values for those properties were taken from the account with roles.

account is configured correctly.

2343 Successfully added Service Principal Name to Active Directory

HCP successfully added a Service Principal Name to Active Directory.

No action is required.

2345

Failed to add Service Principal

HCP failed to add a Service Principal Name

Verify that the Service

Name to Active Directory

to Active Directory. Principal Name was added to Active Directory.

2347

An exception occurred while adding Service Principal Name

HCP failed to add a Service Principal Name to Active Directory.

Verify that the Service Principal Name was added

to Active Directory

to Active Directory.