Creating a network alias

1. Click Create Network Alias above the network list to open the Create Network Alias wizard.

2. On the Settings page in the wizard:

a. In the Network Name field, type a unique name for the network alias. Alias names follow the same rules as network names.

b. In the Aliased Network field, select the network for which you’re creating the alias.

3. Click Next. 4. On the Review page in the Create Network Alias wizard, review the network alias configuration settings that you entered.

5. Take one of these actions:

If the configuration settings that you entered are incorrect:

a. Click Previous to return to the Settings page of the wizard and modify your entries as necessary. b. When you have corrected all the configuration errors, click Next to return to the Review page.

c. Click Finish to exit the wizard and create the specified alias for the specified network. If the configuration settings that you entered are correct, click Finish to exit the wizard and create the specified alias for the specified network.

Viewing and modifying properties of a network or network alias

You can use the Networks > Network View page to view all properties of a network or network alias. You can also use this panel to modify any configurable properties of a network or network alias.

You can use the Networks > Network View page to view the network name, IPv4 and IPv6 subnets, and node IP address assignments that are defined for each existing network on

the HCP system. You can also use this panel to modify the network IP address assignments that are defined for each node for each existing network on the HCP system.

You can use either the Networks > All Zone Definitions page or the Networks > Network View page to view the DNS zone definition that HCP uses for a network:

Use the Networks > Network View page to view the DNS zone definition that HCP uses for a specific network.

Use the Networks > All Zone Definitions page to view the DNS zone definitions that HCP uses for all existing networks.

Viewing properties of a network or network alias on the Network View page To use the Networks > Network View page to view the properties of a network or network alias, click its name in the network list. The properties of the network or network alias are displayed on three separate panels: Settings, IP Configuration, and Zone Definitions.

If there are no alerts associated with a network or network alias, when you click its name to view its properties, the Settings panel opens. If an alert is associated with a network or

network alias, when you click its name to view its properties, the panel that opens is the one used to display the configuration settings that you need to change to fix the problem indicated by the alert.

You can use the tabs at the top of each panel to navigate between the three panels. To display a specific panel, click the corresponding tab.

The next three sections list the network and network alias properties that are displayed on the Settings, IP Configuration, and Zone Definitions panels, respectively. Network and network alias properties displayed on the Settings panel

The Settings panel displays different properties for networks and network aliases.

For a network, the Settings panel displays these properties: The name of the network.

Whether the network is enabled or disabled. The network description (if configured). The maximum transmission unit (MTU) used for the network.

The domain associated with the network. The total number of tenant references defined for the network or network alias. This is the number of tenants that are configured to use the network for data access,

management, or both purposes.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

84/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The tenant reference list for the network or network alias. This list contains the names of the tenants that are configured to use the network and the purpose for which each

tenant uses the network (data access, management, or both purposes). The total number of alias references defined for the network. This is the total number of aliases that point to the network. The alias reference list for the network. This list contains the names of the network aliases that have been defined for the network. The downstream DNS configuration settings for the network.

The advanced Downstream DNS Configuration settings for the network, if the mode is enabled.

For a network alias, the Settings panel displays these properties: The name of the network alias.