Request headers

DELETE /rest/quarterly_rpts/obsolete HTTP/1.1 Host: finance.europe.hcp.example.com

Authorization: HCP bXl1c2Vy:3f3c6784e97531774380db177774ac8d Response headers

HTTP/1.1 200 OK

X-HCP-ServicedBySystem: hcp.example.com X-HCP-Time: 1334829227

Content-Length: 00

Working with system metadata

When converting legacy applications to use the RESTful HTTP interface to access an HCP namespace, be aware that the values used to specify certain metadata settings differ

from those used for metadata settings in the default namespace and HCAP 2.x archives.

Specifying metadata on object creation

You use the HTTP PUT method to store an object in the namespace and override the default values for its metadata. Access permission

To specify metadata in a request to store an object, you need write permission. Additionally, to specify the hold parameter, you also need privileged permission.

Request header

PUT /rest/directory/file?retention=retention HTTP/1.1

Parameter

Required

Description

acl

No

Stores a predefined ACL for the object. One of:

all_read

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

762/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Parameter

Required

Description

Grants read permission for the object to all users

auth_read

Grants read permission for the object to all authenticated users Content-Type

No

Specifies the media type of the resource. This header sends a string along with the file to specify its

format.

Example

"Content-Type:text/plain"

directory

Yes

Folder name.

file

Yes

Name of the file, including file extension.

hold

No

Places an object on hold or specifies that it is not on hold. Either true or false. index

No

Specifies whether the object should be indexed for search. Either true or false.

label_hold

No

Specifies whether to place an object on labeled hold and if true, specifies a JSON format array containing pairs of one or more unique labeled hold IDs and an associated hold value.

id

Unique identifier string for the labeled hold. The maximum ID size is 64 characters. hold

Specifies whether the object is on labeled hold using this id. Either true or false.

Example

label_hold=[{"id":"MY-HOLD-ID1","hold":true}, {"id":"MY-HOLD-ID2","hold":true}]

retention

No

Specifies the retention setting for the object. 0 (zero) or Deletion Allowed

Allows the object to be deleted at any time. You can assign this value to an object only when you

add it to the namespace or when its retention setting is -2. The value -0 is equivalent to 0 (zero).

1 or Deletion Prohibited

Prevents the object from being deleted and its retention setting from being changed. You can

assign this value to an object that is not in a retention class at any time. If an object is assigned to a retention class and that class is then deleted, the retention setting for

that object changes to -1.

2 or Initial Unspecified

Specifies that the object does not yet have a retention setting. You can assign this value to an object when you add the object to the namespace. You can also directly change the retention setting for an object from 0 to ‑2. You can change ‑2 to any other retention setting. datetime

Prevents the object from being deleted until the specified date and time. You can assign this value

to an object that is not in a retention class if the specified date and time is later than the current retention setting for the object. You cannot assign it to an object for which the current retention

setting is -1. offset

Specifies a period for which to retain the object. You can assign this value to an object that is not in