Passwords can be up to 64 characters long, are case sensitive, and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters including white space. To be valid, a password must include at least one character from two of these three groups: alphabetic, numeric, and other. When changing your password, you cannot reuse your current password.

c. In the Confirm New Password field, type your new password again.

3. Click Update Password.

To continue using the Namespace Browser after you change your password, navigate to another page.

Working with namespace contents

Listing directory contents

To list the contents of a directory in a namespace, click Content in the Namespace Browser menu bar and navigate to the directory you want. Each directory name is a link that lists the directory contents.

All directory listing pages, except the page that lists the top-level directories, have a parent directory icon ( the parent directory.

) in the upper left next to the directory path. Click this icon to display Directory listing

The directory listing displays information about the objects in a directory and provides access to subdirectories, symbolic links, and object versions.

The Namespace Browser displays up to 100 entries at a time. If a directory has more than 100 entries, you can use the Previous and Next buttons to page through the directory to see all its contents.

Click any column heading to sort the listing by the column values. Clicking a heading alternately sorts in ascending and descending order.

The list below describes the information shown for each item in the directory listing. Type icon

An icon indicating the item type:

Directory

Object or symbolic link

Deleted object

Click the icon to display the directory contents, view or retrieve the object, or read through the symbolic link. Clicking the icon for a deleted object has no effect.

Action icon

A control for deleting an object or symbolic link. This icon appears only if the item can be deleted.

A control for listing object versions. This icon appears if versioning is enabled for the namespace. Name

The name of the item. If deleted objects are displayed, their names are crossed-out.

Click the name to display the directory contents, view or retrieve the object, or read through the symbolic link.

Owner

The user that owns the object, if any.

Domain

If the object is owned by an Active Directory user, the AD domain in which the user account for the object owner is defined. Size

The object size, in bytes.

Retention

The retention setting as a date and time or as a special value such as Deletion Allowed.

Retention Class

The retention class name, if any.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

804/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Ingested

A representation of the state of the object metadata:

The object is on hold.

The object will be shredded when it’s deleted.

The object is marked for indexing.

The object has one or more annotations. Clicking this icon displays a list of annotations. You can then click the name of an annotation to view its contents.

The object has an ACL. Click this icon to view the ACL. DPL

The data protection level.

Hash (algorithm-name)

Hash information for the object. Move the hover over the View Hash link to display the hash value. You can then highlight the value and copy it to the clipboard.

By default, when you click an object or custom metadata icon in the Namespace Browser, the object content or custom metadata is displayed in the browser window, if possible. If

the object content or custom metadata contains a script that can be executed by that browser, that script is executed. If this is an issue for you, ask your tenant administrator about

having the display behavior changed.

Tip: You can use the view-source option in the web browser to see the XML for the Namespace Browser page.

Showing and hiding deleted objects and directories

By default, the directory listing does not include deleted objects, directories, or symbolic links. If the namespace has versioning enabled, you can show or hide deleted items by clicking the link that says Show deleted objects (if deleted objects are not being shown) or Hide deleted objects (if they are being shown).