6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

In the All Events panel, each irretrievable object displays its full path and the date and time at which HCP discovered that the object was irretrievable. If versioning has been enabled for the namespace, the list also displays the version ID of each object. An object listed as irretrievable is not replicated. If HCP subsequently repairs a listed object, the object is removed from the list. You can delete irretrievable objects from a namespace using standard delete operations, provided they are not under retention (or via privileged delete if the objects are under retention). When an object is deleted, HCP removes it from the irretrievable object list.

To view a different number of objects, select the number of objects you want in the Items per page field. The options are 10, 20, 50, and 100. ) control, respectively. To page forward or backward, click the next ( ) or back (

Working with irreparable objects

To view the Irreparable Objects panel, you need the monitor or administrator role. To acknowledge irreparable objects, you need the administrator role.

Displaying irreparable objects

The HCP system keeps track of the irreparable objects it finds. You can view a list of these objects for any given namespace in the Tenant Management Console.

1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Namespaces. 2. In the list of namespaces, click the name of the namespace you want. 3. In the row of tabs below the namespace name, click Monitoring. 4. On the left side of the Monitoring panel, click Irreparable Objects. About irreparable objects

For each object it lists, the Irreparable Objects panel shows the full path to the object (starting after rest or data) and the date and time at which HCP discovered that the object was irreparable. If the namespace has ever had versioning enabled, the list also shows the version ID of each object.

If HCP subsequently repairs a listed object, the object is removed from the list.

You can acknowledge irreparable objects in the Irreparable Objects panel. Acknowledging an object leaves a checkmark in the object row. You can use this option to distinguish objects you’ve already seen from objects that have recently become irreparable.

You can delete irreparable objects from a namespace through normal delete operations as long as the objects are not under retention (or by using privileged delete if the objects are under retention). When you delete an object, HCP removes it from the list of irreparable objects. Note: Acknowledging that an object is irreparable does not delete the object from the namespace.

By default, the objects in the Irreparable Objects panel are listed ten at a time in reverse chronological order by discovery time:

To view a different number of objects, select the number of objects you want in the Items per page field. The options are 10, 20, 50, and 100. ) control, respectively. To page forward or backward, click the next ( ) or back ( Acknowledge irreparable objects

To acknowledge all objects, whether selected or not, on all pages in a single operation, click Acknowledge All.

1. In the Irreparable Objects panel, individually select the objects you want to acknowledge, or click select all to select all the unacknowledged objects on the current page. 2. Click Acknowledge Selected.

Working with nonreplicating objects

To view the Nonreplicating Objects panel, you need the monitor or administrator role.

Displaying nonreplicating objects

HCP keeps track of objects and parts of multipart objects that cannot be replicated. You can view a list of these objects and object parts for any given namespace in the Tenant Management Console.

1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Namespaces. 2. In the list of namespaces, click the name of the namespace you want. 3. In the row of tabs below the namespace name, click Monitoring. 4. On the left side of the Monitoring panel, click Nonreplicating Objects. About nonreplicating objects

For each listed object or object part, the Nonreplicating Objects panel shows the date and time when HCP discovered the nonreplicating object or object part, the version number of the object or object part, the reason why the object or object part was not replicated, and the name of the object or object part.

The possible reasons why an object or object part is nonreplicating are:

Object is not completely written