a. (Optional) To initially disable the user account, clear Enable account.

b. In the Username field, type a unique login name.

User names:

Can be from one through 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters but cannot start with an opening square bracket ([). White space is allowed. Are not case sensitive.

Cannot be names that are currently in use.

Tip: Consider using email addresses as user names. This gives you easy access to email addresses should you need to contact users.

c. In the Full Name field, type the name of the person for whom you are creating the account.

This name can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space.

d. For Authentication, select either Local for local authentication or RADIUS for remote authentication.

If you select Local, the pane displays the Password and Confirm Password fields and the Force change on next login option. If you select RADIUS, these fields are hidden.

e. If you select local authentication: i. Fill in the Password and Confirm password fields.

Passwords can be up to 64 characters long, are case sensitive, and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters including white space. To be valid, a password

must include at least one character from two of these three groups: alphabetic, numeric, and other. ii. (Optional) Select Force change on next login.

When this option is selected, the next time a user logs into the System Management Console or Search Console, the Console automatically displays the

Change Password page. The user cannot perform any other Console functions until you change the password. After the you change the password, this option

gets cleared.

f. In the Roles section, select any roles for the user account.

g. (Optional) Specify a description for the user account.

i. Click Description. ii. In the Description field, describe the user account.

This text can be up to 1,024 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space.

3. Click Create User Account.

Modifying a user account

You can change this information about a user account: The user name

The full name

The password The roles associated with the account

Whether the account is enabled. If you disable an account while the user is currently logged in, the user is immediately prevented from taking any further actions. You can

disable your own account. After you disable it, however, you cannot reenable it yourself.

Whether to force a password change at the next login

You cannot change the user ID or type of authentication. (The user ID is displayed with other account details when you view an individual account as a user with the security role.)

To view user accounts, you need the monitor, administrator, or security role. To create and manage user accounts, you need the security role.

1. In the list of user accounts on the Users page, click the user name for the account you want to modify.

2. In the panel that opens, make the changes you want. Note:

When changing the password for a user account, you can reuse the current password. You cannot do this when changing your own password on the Change Password

page.

If you leave the Password field empty, the previously set password remains in effect.

3. Click Update Settings.

If you are modifying the user account you used to log into the Console and:

You changed the roles associated with the user account, a message appears indicating that the page will be reloaded. Click Close in the message window to reload the page.

You selected Force change on next login, the Console displays the Change Password page. You need to change your password on this page in order to continue

working in the Console.

Deleting a user account

You can delete a user account at any time. If you delete an account while the user is currently logged in, the user is immediately prevented from taking any further action. After you delete the account, the user can no longer log in.

Tip: For a RADIUS-authenticated user, if the user account becomes invalid on the RADIUS server while the user is logged in, the user may still be able to take action in the current

Console session for as long as ten minutes. To ensure that the user is immediately prevented from taking further action, delete the user in HCP before deleting the remote account.