To recover an object, use a PUT request to copy the object to itself. Use the versionId query parameter with the source object specification to specify which version of the object you want to use for recovery. You cannot recover an object from an old version that has been pruned.

Request line

Depending on whether the bucket name is included in the hostname in the S3 compatible request, a request to delete an object, an object version, or a folder has either of these formats:

With the bucket name included in the hostname: DELETE /(object-name|(folder-name(/|%2F))) HTTP/1.1

With the bucket name following the hostname:

DELETE /bucket-name/(object-name|(folder-name(/|%2F))) HTTP/1.1

Required headers

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

631/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The list below describes the headers you can use in a request to delete an object, object version, or folder.

Authorization

Specifies user credentials or requests anonymous access. Date

Specifies the date and time when the request is being made according to the requester. Normally, this is the current date and time. The date and time must always be specified using Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). To specify the date and time, use this format:

DDD, dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss (+0000|GMT)

In this format: DDD

The three-letter abbreviation for the day of the week, with an uppercase first letter (for example, Mon).

dd

The two-digit day of the month.

MMM

The three-letter abbreviation for the month, with an uppercase first letter (for example, Feb).

yyyy

The four-digit year.

HH

The hour on a 24-hour clock. mm

The number of minutes.

ss

The number of seconds.

For example:

Thu, 23 Mar 2017 14:27:05 +0000

All S3 compatible requests must include either a Date header or an x-amz-date header. If a request includes both headers, HCP uses the date and time in the x-amz-date header.

Host

Specifies the hostname for the request. The host name identifies either a tenant or a bucket. For a tenant, use this format: tenant-name.hcp-domain-name

For a bucket, use this format:

bucket-name.tenant-name.hcp-domain-name

x-amz-date

Specifies the date and time at which the request is being made according to the requester. Normally, this is the current date and time. For the valid values for this header, see the description of the Date header above. Optional headers

x-hcp-privileged

If you have privileged permission and the bucket allows it, this enables a privileged delete on an object that is under retention. The valid value for this header is a text string of up to 1,024 characters long, which can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space. x-amz-bypass-governance-retention

Used to override or remove governance-mode retention settings in S3 Object Lock, you must explicitly include x-amz-bypass-governance-retention:true as a request header.

Response headers

The list below describes the headers returned in response to a successful request to delete an object, object version, or folder. Date

The date and time when HCP responded to the request, in Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). The date and time are returned in this format:

DDD dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss GMT

For example:

Fri, 18 Sep 2020 14:27:05 GMT

x-amz-delete-marker

The value of this header is always true. This header is returned only when deleting a delete marker by specifying the delete marker's version ID. x-amz-version-id

Specifies the version ID of the object. This header is returned only while versioning is enabled for the bucket.

Status codes