monitor the health, availability, capacity, and usage of all the S Series Nodes associated with the storage pool. Creating an HCP S Series storage pool

Use the Create Pool wizard on the Storage page to create and configure a storage pool.

To create an HCP S Series storage pool, you need the administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu of the System Management Console, select Storage.

The Storage page opens to the Overview tab.

2. Click the Pools tab, and then click Create Pool The Get Started wizard opens.

3. In the Pools field, select HCP S Series. 4. Click Go. The Create Pool wizard opens.

5. In the Name field, type a name for the storage pool. 6. Optional: In the Description field, type a description for the storage pool, and then click Next.

The Allocation page opens.

7. Select all the storage components that you want to allocate to the pool.

8. To compress object data that is stored in the buckets in the storage pool, select Compress data at rest. 9. Optional: If you want the Content Verification service to run on the new HCP S Series storage pool, select Content Verification, and then click Next.

10. Take one of these actions from the Review page:

If the HCP S Series storage pool configuration information is correct, click Finish.

If the HCP S Series storage pool configuration information is not correct:

a. Use the Previous and Next buttons to navigate through the wizard and change any incorrect settings. b. When you are finished making changes, navigate back to the Review page and click Finish. Modifying an HCP S Series storage pool

Use the Storage Pools page to view and modify the configuration of any HCP S Series storage pool.

Use the Storage Pools page to perform the following tasks:

Change one or more configuration settings that were specified when the pool was created.

Add one or more storage component buckets to an HCP S Series storage pool. Delete one or more buckets from an HCP S Series storage pool.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

51/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Modifying the settings of an HCP S Series storage pool

Use the Storage Pools page to modify the configuration settings of an HCP S Series storage pool.

To modify an HCP S Series storage pool, you need the administrator role.

1. Click Storage > Pools.

The Pools page opens.

2. Click the table row corresponding to the name of the pool that you want to modify. Note:

To enable balancing on an HCP S Series storage pool, you must choose a pool that has multiple HCP S Series storage components.

The Overview page opens for the selected pool.

3. Click the Setting tab.

4. Modify the pool settings. 5. Click Update Settings.

Adding buckets to an HCP S Series storage pool

Use the Storage Pools page to add buckets to an existing HCP S Series storage pool.

To add buckets to an HCP S Series storage pool, you need the administrator role.

1. On the Storage > Pools page, click the table row corresponding to the name of the pool to which you want to add one or more buckets.

The Overview page opens for the selected pool.

2. Click the Buckets tab. 3. Select the buckets that you want to add to the storage pool.

You cannot select buckets that are used by other storage pools.

4. Click Update Settings.

Removing buckets from an HCP S Series storage pool

Use the Storage Pools page to delete buckets from an HCP S Series storage pool. Deleting buckets from an HCP S Series storage pool does not remove them from the HCP system. S Series Node buckets that are not associated with a pool can be added to a pool.

To delete buckets from an HCP S Series storage pool, you need the administrator role.

1. On the Storage > Pools, click the table row corresponding to the name of the pool from which you want to delete buckets.

The Overview page opens for the selected pool.

2. Click the Buckets tab. 3. Click to clear the checkboxes for the buckets you want to remove from the storage pool.