Changing link properties

1. In the top-level menu of the HCP System Management Console, select Services > Replication. 2. On the replication Links page, click the name of the link you want to modify. 3. On the replication link details page, click Link. 4. In the replication Link panel, click the Settings tab. 5. In the link Settings panel, make the changes you want.

6. Click Update Link.

Changing automatic failover and failback settings 1. In the top-level menu of the HCP System Management Console, select Services > Replication. 2. On the replication Links page, click the name of the link you want.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

348/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

3. On the replication link details page, click Link. 4. In the replication Link panel, click the Failover tab. 5. In the Failover panel, click Automatic Failover Settings. 6. In the Automatic Failover Settings section:

For an active/active link or an inbound active/passive link, in the Local System section:

To enable automatic failover to the current system, select Fail over automatically. Then, in the Automatically fail over link after loss of connectivity for field, type the number of minutes HCP should wait before automatically failing over the link after a loss of connectivity to the other system involved in the link. Valid values are integers in the seven through 9,999. To disable automatic failover to the current system, deselect Fail over automatically. For active/passive links only, to enable automatic failback to the other system involved in the link, select Complete recovery automatically. Then, in the Automatically complete recovery when synchronization is less than field, type the number of minutes the up-to-date-as-of time for the link must be less than before HCP should automatically fail back the link. Valid values are integers in the one through 9,999. For active/passive links only, to disable automatic failback to the other system involved in the link, deselect Complete recovery automatically.

For an active/active link or an outbound active/passive link, in the Remote System section: To enable automatic failover to the other system involved in the link, select Fail over automatically. Then, in the Automatically fail over link after loss of connectivity for field, type the number of minutes HCP should wait before automatically failing over the link after a loss of connectivity to the current system. Valid values are integers in the seven through 9,999. To disable automatic failover to the other system involved in the link, deselect Fail over automatically. For active/passive links only, to enable automatic failback to the current system, select Complete recovery automatically. Then, in the Automatically complete recovery when synchronization is less than field, type the number of minutes the up-to-date-as-of time for the link must be less than before HCP should automatically fail back the link. Valid values are integers in the one through 9,999. For active/passive links only, to disable automatic failback to the current system, deselect Complete recovery automatically.

7. Click Update Settings.

Considerations for deleting a replication link