You can include comments in a hosts file either on separate lines or following a mapping on the same line. Each comment must start with a number sign (#). Blank lines are ignored.

For the IP addresses for the HCP system, contact your HCP system administrator. Hostname mapping considerations

An HCP system has multiple IP addresses. You can map the tenant hostname to more than one of these IP addresses in the hosts file. The way multiple mappings are used depends on the client platform. For information about how your client handles multiple mappings in a hosts file, see your client documentation.

If any of the IP addresses listed in the hosts file are unavailable, timeouts may occur when you use a hosts file to access the Tenant Management Console.

Logging in

Depending on the tenant configuration, you can log into the Tenant Management Console with a tenant-level user account or a recognized AD user account.

1. Open a web browser. 2. In the address field, enter the URL for your Tenant Management Console.

Note: If you inadvertently use http instead of https in the URL, the browser returns an error. Enter the URL again, this time using https. One of these happens: If all of these are true, you are automatically logged in to the Tenant Management Console, and the tenant Overview page appears:

You are currently logged in to Windows with a recognized AD user account. The tenant is configured to support AD authentication. Your web browser is configured to support single sign-on with AD.

This is single sign-on. No further action is required.

If the tenant is configured to support AD authentication but any of the following apply, a message appears indicating that single sign-on was not possible:

Your web browser is not configured to support single sign-on. You are not currently logged in to Windows with a recognized AD user account.

You are not on a Windows computer.

In these cases, you need to click Console login page in the message to display the Tenant Management Console login page.

If the tenant is not configured to support AD authentication, the Tenant Management Console login page appears. 3. In the Username field, type your username. 4. In the Password field, type your case-sensitive password.

When using an HCP user account, if you try to log in with an invalid password multiple times in a row, you are locked out of the Console. The exact number of times is configurable. Note: AD can also be configured to disable user accounts after a given number of authentication attempts with an invalid password. Important: You should change your password as soon as possible the first time you log into the Tenant Management Console.

5. If the tenant is configured to support AD authentication, take either of these actions in the Domain field:

If you’re using an HCP user account, select the domain name of the HCP system. If you’re using a recognized AD user account, select the AD domain in which your user account is defined.

If HCP is not configured to support AD, the login page does not display the Domain field.

6. Click Log In. The Console displays the tenant Overview page or, if you’re using an HCP user account and are required to change your password, the Change Password page. Using the Tenant Management Console

Tenant Management Console pages display information about the current tenant and its namespaces. Some pages also let you configure various aspects of the tenant and namespaces. (The current tenant is the one for which you’re currently logged in to the Tenant Management Console.)

Console pages have menus and hyperlinks for navigation. Each page shows a horizontal menu at the top. Some of the menu options display a secondary menu when you hover over them. To navigate to a page, you click the corresponding menu option.

You can also use shortcut keys to navigate to pages in the Tenant Management Console. Each link that has a shortcut key has the applicable letter underlined. To use the shortcut key, follow the convention for the browser you’re using.

Each page of the Tenant Management Console shows the username of the currently logged-in user in the upper right corner.

Note: https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

248/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help