Deselecting this option allows you to select permissions in the two rows independently of each other.

8. Click Update Settings.

Enabling the use of ACLs When you create a namespace, the use of ACLs is disabled. Once the namespace exists, you can enable this feature. However, after enabling this feature, you cannot disable it.

To enable the use of ACLs for a namespace, you need the administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Namespaces. 2. In the list of namespaces, click the name of the namespace you want. 3. In the row of tabs below the namespace name, click Settings. 4. On the left side of the Settings panel, click ACLs. 5. In the ACLs panel, select Enable ACLs. 6. In response to the confirming prompt, click Enable ACLs.

Changing the option to enforce ACLs

By default, when you enable the use of ACLs for a namespace, the option to enforce ACLs is enabled. You can enable or disable this option at any time while the use of ACLs is enabled.

To view or change the option to enforce ACLs for a namespace, you need the administrator role. 1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Namespaces.

2. In the list of namespaces, click the name of the namespace you want. 3. In the row of tabs below the namespace name, click Settings. 4. On the left side of the Settings panel, click ACLs. 5. In the ACLs panel: To have HCP enforce ACLs, select Enforce ACLs. To have HCP not enforce ACLs, deselect Enforce ACLs.

6. Click Update Settings.

Changing HCP retention-related settings

When you create a namespace:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

278/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Changes to POSIX UIDs and GIDs, POSIX permissions, and object owners are not allowed for objects under retention. Only add operations are allowed with custom metadata for objects under retention.

Once the namespace exists, you can change these settings at any time. To view retention-related settings for a namespace, you need the monitor, administrator, or compliance role. To change these settings for a namespace, you need the compliance role.

1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Namespaces. 2. In the list of namespaces, click the name of the namespace you want. 3. In the row of tabs below the namespace name, click Policies. 4. On the left side of the Policies pane, click Retention. 5. (Optional) In the Retention Options section in the Retention pane: To allow changes for objects under retention, select Allow ownership and POSIX permission changes for objects under retention. To allow the addition, deletion, and replacement of custom metadata for objects under retention, retention hold, and labeled retention hold, select Add, delete, and replace. To allow only the addition of custom metadata for objects under retention, retention hold, and labeled retention hold, select Add only. To disallow all custom metadata operations for objects under retention, retention hold, and labeled retention hold, select None. 6. Click Update Settings in the Retention Options section. 7. (Optional) In the Event-based Retention section in the Retention pane, set the Minimum Retention after Initial Unspecified value. Then, in the Event-based Retention section, click Update Settings. Similar to specifying an offset, you can specify this value as numbers of years, months, and/or days. The retention set on Initial Unspecified objects in the namespace must be greater than the Minimum Retention after Initial Unspecified value.

Enabling or disabling XML checking for custom metadata

When you create a namespace, custom metadata XML checking is enabled. You can change this setting at any time.

To view the custom metadata XML checking setting for a namespace, you need the monitor or administrator role. To change the custom metadata XML checking setting for a namespace, you need the administrator role.