Hitachi Content Platform HCP Software Version 9.6.3

HCP Operating System Version 9.6.3

Release Notes

This document contains release notes for Hitachi Content Platform 9.6.3.

RN-RC001-103 March 2024

© 2007, 2024 Hitachi Vantara LLC. All rights reserved..

No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including copying and recording, or stored in a database or retrieval system for commercial purposes without the express written permission of Hitachi, Ltd., or Hitachi Vantara LLC (collectively “Hitachi”). Licensee may make copies of the Materials provided that any such copy is: (i) created as an essential step in utilization of the Software as licensed and is used in no other manner; or (ii) used for archival purposes. Licensee may not make any other copies of the Materials. “Materials” mean text, data, photographs, graphics, audio, video and documents. Hitachi reserves the right to make changes to this Material at any time without notice and assumes no responsibility for its use. The Materials contain the most current information available at the time of publication.

Some of the features described in the Materials might not be currently available. Refer to the most recent product announcement for information about feature and product availability, or contact Hitachi Vantara LLC at https://support.hitachivantara.com/en_us/contact-us.html.

Notice: Hitachi products and services can be ordered only under the terms and conditions of the applicable Hitachi agreements. The use of Hitachi products is governed by the terms of your agreements with Hitachi Vantara LLC.

By using this software, you agree that you are responsible for:

1. Acquiring the relevant consents as may be required under local privacy laws or otherwise from authorized employees and other individuals; and 2. Verifying that your data continues to be held, retrieved, deleted, or otherwise processed in accordance with relevant laws.

Notice on Export Controls. The technical data and technology inherent in this Document may be subject to U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Act and its associated regulations, and may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries. Reader agrees to comply strictly with all such regulations and acknowledges that Reader has the responsibility to obtain licenses to export, re-export, or import the Document and any Compliant Products.

Hitachi and Lumada are trademarks or registered trademarks of Hitachi, Ltd., in the United States and other countries. AIX, DB2, DS6000, DS8000, Enterprise Storage Server, eServer, FICON, FlashCopy, GDPS, HyperSwap, IBM, OS/390, PowerHA, PowerPC, S/390, System z9, System z10, Tivoli, z/OS, z9, z10, z13, z14, z15, z16, z/VM, and z/VSE are registered trademarks or trademarks of International Business Machines Corporation.

Active Directory, ActiveX, Bing, Excel, Hyper-V, Internet Explorer, the Internet Explorer logo, Microsoft, Microsoft Edge, the Microsoft corporate logo, the Microsoft Edge logo, MS-DOS, Outlook, PowerPoint, SharePoint, Silverlight, SmartScreen, SQL Server, Visual Basic, Visual C++, Visual Studio, Windows, the Windows logo, Windows Azure, Windows PowerShell, Windows Server, the Windows start button, and Windows Vista are registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corporation. Microsoft product screen shots are reprinted with permission from Microsoft Corporation. All other trademarks, service marks, and company names in this document or website are properties of their respective owners.

Copyright and license information for third-party and open source software used in Hitachi Vantara products can be found in the product documentation, at https://www.hitachivantara.com/en-us/company/legal.html.

Hitachi Content Platform Release Notes