[2012-03-01 T00:00:00

TO 2012-03-01 T23:59:59]

851/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Object property

Data type

Description

namespace2

String

The name of the namespace that contains the object, in this format: namespace-name.tenant-name

In query expressions, the values you specify for this property are not case sensitive.

objectPath4

String

The path to the object following rest, data, or fcfs_data, beginning with

a forward slash (/).

In query expressions, the values you specify for this property are not case sensitive and do not need to begin with a forward slash (/). operation3

String

The type of operation the result represents.

Possible values in a response body are:

CREATED

DELETED DISPOSED

PRUNED PURGED

NOT_FOUND

PRUNED and PURGED do not apply to objects in the default

namespace.

Results for object-based queries have either the CREATED or NOT_FOUND operation type. NOT_FOUND means that the object

has been deleted from the repository but has not yet been removed

from the index. The NOT_FOUND operation type is returned only for queries that specify true in the verbose entry. owner2

String

For objects in HCP namespaces, the user that owns the object. Valid values are:

For objects that have an owner:

USER,location,username

For objects with no owner:

GROUP,location,all_users

For objects that existed before the HCP system was upgraded

from a pre-5.0 release and that have not subsequently been assigned an owner: nobody

In these values:

location is the location in which the user account for the object

owner is defined. This can be:

The name of an HCP tenant

The internal ID of an HCP tenant An Active Directory domain preceded by an at sign (@)

Internal IDs of HCP tenants are not returned in query results.

For objects with no owner, location is the name of the tenant that owns the namespace in which the object is stored.

username is the name of the user that owns the object. This

can be:

The username of a user account that’s defined in HCP.

The username of an Active Directory user account. This can be either the user principal name or the Security Accounts Manager (SAM) account name for the user account.

This property is not returned for objects in the default namespace.

If the Authorization header or hcp-ns-auth cookie identifies a tenant-level user, you can specify this criterion in a query expression to find all objects owned by that user: owner:USER

owner2 (continued)

String

These considerations apply when you specify the owner property in a query expression:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

Query expression example

namespace:

finance.europe

objectPath:"/Corporate/Empl oyees/45_Jane_Doe.xls"

N/A

owner:"USER,europe,pdgrey"

852/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Object property

Data type

Description

The entire value must be enclosed in double quotation marks. USER, GROUP, and nobody are case sensitive. The location values you specify are not case sensitive. The username values you specify, except for all_users, are not case sensitive. permissions3

Integer

The octal value of the POSIX permissions for the object.

replicated3

Boolean

An indication of whether the object has been replicated. Possible

values in a response body are:

true

The object, including the current version and all metadata, has

been replicated.

false

The object has not been replicated. replication Collision

Boolean

An indication of whether the object is flagged as a replication collision. Valid values are:

true

The object is flagged as a replication collision.

false