Content Platform System Management Help

Each multipart object counts as a single object. Objects that are in the process of being created by multipart uploads are not included in the object count.

While either of the two search facilities is selected for use with the Search Console, the Objects graph also shows the total number of indexed objects in the repository during the past 30 days. For any point in time for which the indexed object count is shown, the count reflects the index maintained by the search facility that was selected for the Search Console at that time.

The x-axis in the Objects graph marks the passage of time. The y-axis measures the number of objects. As the number of objects increases, the intervals on the y-axis get larger.

The graph heading indicates the current measurement unit (for example, thousands or millions).

To see the number of objects in the repository at a given point in time, hover over the top edge of the colored portion of the graph at the time you want. Ingested Volume graph

The Ingested Volume graph shows the total size of the ingested data and custom metadata during the past 30 days (or since HCP was installed if that was less than 30 days ago).

This value is the total size of the data and custom metadata before they were added to the repository. The value tells you how much data and custom metadata has been stored, not the amount of storage used.

Ingested volume includes the parts of in-progress multipart uploads that have already been written to the repository. Ingested volume does not include replaced parts of multipart

uploads, parts uploaded for aborted multipart uploads, or unused parts of completed multipart uploads.

The x-axis in the Ingested Volume graph marks the passage of time. The y-axis measures the ingested volume in gigabytes, terabytes, or petabytes, depending on the system capacity. As the ingested volume increases, the intervals on the y-axis get larger. The graph heading indicates the current measurement unit (gigabytes (GB), terabytes (TB), or petabytes (PB)).

To see the ingested volume in the repository at a given point in time, hover over the top edge of the colored portion of the graph at the time you want.

Because of compression and duplicate elimination, the ingested volume can be greater than the used storage capacity.

Updating the information

Below the System section option, the Overview page shows the most recent values for the number of objects stored (Ingested objects), the number of indexed objects, if applicable

(Indexed objects), and the ingested volume (Ingested volume). The bottom left corner of the Overview page shows the date and time these values and the Objects and Ingested Volume graphs were last updated. To update these values and the graphs to show the most current information, click Refresh Now in the bottom right corner of the Overview page. Storage graphs

The Primary Storage section on the Overview page contains a graph showing the amount of used primary storage (both running and spindown) during the past 30 days (or since

HCP was installed if that was less than 30 days ago). The used storage value is the total amount of storage occupied by object data, system and custom metadata, the metadata

query engine index, and any redundant data required to satisfy data protection level and metadata protection level settings in service plans.

If the HCP system has HCP S Series storage available to it, the Overview page also has an S Series Storage section that contains a graph showing the amount of used HCP S Series storage during the past 30 days (or since HCP was installed if that was less than 30 days ago). The used storage value is the total amount of storage occupied by object data,

system metadata, and any redundant data required to satisfy data protection level settings in service plans. Used storage includes storage occupied by the parts of in-progress multipart uploads that have already been written to the repository. Used storage does not include replaced parts

of multipart uploads, parts uploaded for aborted multipart uploads, or unused parts of completed multipart uploads.

The x-axes in the Primary Storage and S Series Storage graphs mark the passage of time. The y-axes measure the used storage in megabytes, gigabytes, terabytes, or petabytes,

depending on the amount of used storage. As the amount of used storage increases, the intervals on the y-axis get larger. The graph heading indicates the current measurement unit (megabytes (MB), gigabytes (GB), terabytes (TB), or petabytes (PB)).