In these formats:

YYYY

the four-digit year

MM

the two-digit month

DD

the two-digit day

hh

hours on a 24-hour clock

mm

minutes

ss

seconds

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

899/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Z

the time is in UTC.

The first two of these formats are assumed to be in the same time zone as the HCP time setting. The third one is in UTC.

Here’s an example of a date and time in the second format shown above:

2011-11-04T14:00:00

Selecting the current date and time

To select the current date and time, click the icon (

) to the right of the calendar icon. The value field shows: $now

Each time you run a saved query that uses the $now variable, the variable is replaced by the current date and time.

Performing a structured search

1. In the Search Console, click the Structured Search tab.

Note: When the metadata query engine is active, the Structured Search tab is called the Structured Query tab and the Search button is called the Query button.

2. In the Find objects that match field on the Structured Search page:

To return objects that satisfy at least one of the criteria you specify, select any.

To return objects that satisfy every one of the criteria you specify, select all.

3. Specify the first search criterion:

a. From the property dropdown list, select the property for the criterion. b. If you selected a content class in step a, select a content property from the content property dropdown list.

c. From the operator menu, select the operator for the criterion. d. In the value field, either select or type the value for the criterion. 4. For each additional criterion, if any:

a. Click the add button (

) to the right of the criterion after which you want to insert the new criterion.

b. Repeat the actions in step 3 above.

5. Click Search.

To remove a criterion from a structured search, click the remove button (

) to the right of that criterion. To see the new results, click Search. Examples of structured searches

Example: Search for any of three using the same property

This example shows an any search for objects with a retention class of HlthReg-107, HlthReg-225, or HlthReg-312. On the Structured Search page, the search criteria look like this:

Example: Search for all five, including a time span

This example shows an all search for objects in a namespace named Finance that expire between December 31, 2014 and January 1, 2016, are not on hold, and will be shredded on delete. On the Structured Search page, the search criteria look like this: Example: Search for held objects in a retention class

This example shows an all search for objects in the finance namespace owned by the europe tenant that belong to the SEC-17a retention class and are on hold. On the Structured Search page, the search criteria look like this:

Example: Search for objects with specified text in their custom metadata (metadata query engine only)

This example shows an all search for objects that have custom metadata that contains x-ray. On the Structured Search page, the search criterion looks like this:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

900/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Example: Search for objects with a specified ACL grant (metadata query engine only) This example shows an all search for objects with ACLs that grant delete permission to the user pdgrey, whose user account is defined in the europe tenant. On the Structured Search page, the search criterion looks like this:

Example: Search using a content property (metadata query engine only)