By name, click the Name column heading. Each time you click the column heading, the sort order switches between ascending and descending. By outbound or inbound synchronization time, click the Sent as Of or Received as Of column heading, as applicable. The first time you click the column heading, the tenants are sorted in ascending order by the applicable synchronization time. Each time you click the column heading after that, the sort order switches between ascending and descending. By status, click the Status column heading. The first time you click the column heading, tenants for which replication has been automatically paused are listed first, followed by tenants for which replication has been manually paused, followed by the remaining tenants. Each time you click the column heading after that, the order reverses from what it currently is. Filtering

You can filter the tenant list by tenant name or tag. The filtered list includes only those tenants with a name or tag, as applicable, that begins with or is the same as a specified text string.

1. In the field above the Name column, select Name to filter by name or Tag to filter by tag.

2. In the next field, type the text string you want to use as a filter.

This string can be up to 64 characters long, can contain any valid UTF-8 characters except commas (,), and is not case sensitive. White space is allowed.

3. Click the find control (

).

To redisplay the entire list of tenants after filtering it, click the clear filter control (

). Tenant replication details

To see more details about the replication of a tenant, hover over the row for the tenant in the list of tenants in the link status Tenants panel. The information shown is:

Most up-to-date namespace

For an active/active link, an outbound active/passive link during replication, or an inbound active/passive link during data recovery, the smallest sent-as-of time among the tenant's namespaces For an outbound active/passive link during data recovery or an inbound active/passive link during replication, the smallest received-as-of time among the tenant's namespaces

For the default tenant, this is the smallest sent-as-of time or received-as-of time, as applicable, among the directories on the replication link. Average up-to-date time

For an active/active link, an outbound active/passive link during replication, or an inbound active/passive link during data recovery, the average of the sent-as-of times for the tenant's namespaces For an outbound active/passive link during data recovery or an inbound active/passive link during replication, the average of the received-as-of times for the tenant's namespaces

For the default tenant, this is the average of the sent-as-of times or received-as-of times, as applicable, for the directories on the replication link.

Objects pending For an active/active link, an outbound active/passive link during replication, or an inbound active/passive link during data recovery, the approximate number of objects and parts of multipart objects currently waiting to be sent to the remote system in the tenant's namespaces. The number of objects pending does not include parts of in-progress multipart uploads. Those parts are not replicated until the applicable multipart upload has been completed.

Information about pending objects and object parts is not available for an outbound link during data recovery or for an inbound link during replication. This information is also not available for the default tenant.

Data pending For an active/active link, an outbound active/passive link during replication, or an inbound active/passive link during data recovery, the approximate amount of data currently waiting to be sent to the remote system in the tenant's namespaces. Information about pending data is not available for an outbound link during data recovery or for an inbound link during replication. This information is also not available for the default tenant. Controlling the Tenant Management Console replication display

For HCP tenants that are on at least one replication link, you control whether the Tenant Management Console displays information about the status of replication of the tenant and

its namespaces. The Tenant Management Console for the default tenant always displays this information.

1. In the top-level menu of the HCP System Management Console, select Services > Replication. 2. On the left side of the Replication page, click Settings. 3. On the replication Settings page, take either of these actions: