volume usage statistics in these graphs:

LUN Read/Write

This graph shows the number of blocks read from the logical volume per second and the number of blocks written to the logical volume per second. LUN Utilization

This graph shows the usage of the communication channel between the operating system and the logical volume as a percent of the channel bandwidth.

The way logical volumes are used depends on the HCP system configuration. Some logical volumes can store only objects, some can store only the metadata query engine index, and some can store both. Additionally, in an HCP with SAN-attached storage system, some logical volumes may used for spindown storage. How you interpret the statistics in the logical volume usage graphs is partly dependent on the these factors.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

179/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help High read, write, and access values for all logical volumes along with low CPU usage may mean that the HCP system storage has insufficient bandwidth to support its workload. In this case, you may need to add storage to the system to spread read and write operations across more logical volumes.

High read and write rates for some but not all logical volumes may mean that the distribution of objects across the nodes in the system is uneven. To verify that this is the case, check the logical volume usage statistics on the Hardware page in the System Management Console. To resolve the issue, submit a request to your authorized HCP service provider to run the Capacity Balancing service to bring the object distribution to a more balanced state. Memory

HCP reports on memory usage in the Memory Swap graph. This graph shows the number of pages swapped out of memory per second.

Typically, the page-swap rate for an HCP system is less than one page per second. A consistently high page-swap rate may indicate that the system has insufficient memory to handle its workload. In this case, you may need to add nodes to the system, add memory to the existing nodes, or upgrade existing nodes to nodes with more memory to resolve the issue. Networks

Network statistics provide information about bandwidth usage on the front-end, back-end, and, if it is enabled, management networks used by the HCP system. HCP reports network statistics in these graphs:

Front-end Network

This graph shows the number of bytes read from the node per second and the number of bytes written to the node per second over the front-end network. These are the total numbers of bytes across the [hcp_system] network and all user-defined networks. Back-end Network

This graph shows the number of bytes read from the node per second and the number of bytes written to the node per second over the back-end network. Management Network

This graph shows the number of bytes read from the node per second and the number of bytes written to the node per second over the management network. These are the total numbers of bytes across the [hcp_management] network. The management network graph is only shown if the network is enabled. Note: The amount of back-end network traffic generated by any given namespace is directly related to the ingest tier DPL defined for the namespace by its service plan. The higher the ingest tier DPL, the more back-end network traffic the namespace creates.

Heavy traffic (greater than 120 MB per second) on both the front-end and back-end networks may mean that the HCP system has insufficient bandwidth to accommodate its workload. In this case, you may need to add nodes to the HCP system to increase the available bandwidth.

Heavy front-end traffic on some nodes, but not all of them, may indicate one of the following problems: The HCP subdomain is not correctly configured in your DNS. Applications are repeatedly using the same IP addresses to access the system. In this case, you may want to suggest to tenant administrators that their applications use DNS or some other mechanism to help balance the workload across all the nodes in the system.

Heavy back-end traffic on some but not all nodes may mean that the distribution of objects across the nodes in the system is uneven. To verify that this is the case, check the logical volume usage statistics on the Hardware page in the System Management Console. To resolve the issue, submit a request to your authorized HCP service provider to run the Capacity Balancing service to bring the object distribution to a more balanced state.

Managing the resource usage graphs