Content Platform System Management Help

Host

Specifies the hostname for the request. The host name identifies either a tenant or a bucket.

For a tenant, use this format: tenant-name.hcp-domain-name

For a bucket, use this format:

bucket-name.tenant-name.hcp-domain-name

x-amz-date

Specifies the date and time at which the request is being made according to the requester. Normally, this is the current date and time. For the valid values for this header, see the description of the Date header above. Optional headers

If-Match

Specifies one or more values for comparison with the ETag of the specified item. If the ETag matches one of the specified values, HCP continues processing the request. If the ETag does not match any of the specified values, HCP returns a 412 (Precondition Failed) status code. To specify the values for this header, use this format: "value"[, "value"]...

In this format, each value can be any string of one or more characters and must be enclosed in double quotation marks ("). Alternatively, you can specify a single asterisk (*) as the value for the If-Match header. All ETags match an asterisk in an If-Match header.

If-Modified-Since

Specifies a date and time, in Greenwich Mean Time (GMT), for comparison with the date and time the specified item was last modified. If the modification date and time is later than the specified date and time, HCP continues processing the request. If the modification date and time is equal to or earlier than the specified date and time, HCP returns a 304 (Not Modified) status code. To specify the date and time for this header, use one of these formats: DDD, dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss (+0000|GMT)

For example: Tue, 07 Feb 2017 14:27:05 +0000

DDDD, dd-MMM-yyyy HH:mm:ss (+0000|GMT)

For example: Tuesday, 07-Feb-17 14:27:05 +0000

DDD MMM d HH:mm:ss yyyy

For example: Tue Feb 7 14:27:05 2017

If the value specified by the If-Modified-Since header does not conform to one of the formats shown above, the header is ignored. If-None-Match

Specifies one or more values for comparison with the ETag of the specified item. If the ETag does not match any of the specified values, HCP continues processing the request. If the ETag matches any of the specified values, HCP returns a 304 (Not Modified) status code. To specify the values for this header, use this format: "value"[, "value"]...

In this format, each value can be any string of one or more characters and must be enclosed in double quotation marks ("). Alternatively, you can specify a single asterisk (*) as the value for the If-None-Match header. No ETags match an asterisk in an If-None-Match header.

If-Unmodified-Since

Specifies a date and time, in Greenwich Mean Time (GMT), for comparison with the date and time the specified item was last modified. If the modification date and time is equal to or earlier than the specified date and time, HCP continues processing the request. If the modification date and time is later than the specified date and time, HCP returns a 412 (Precondition Failed) status code. For valid values, see the description of the If-Modified-Since header above. Response headers

The next list describes the headers returned in response to a successful request to check the existence an object, object version, or folder.

Accept-Ranges

Indicates that HCP can accept requests for part of the object data, specified as a range of bytes. The value of this header is always bytes. Content-length

Specifies the size, in bytes, of the object, object version, or folder. For a delete marker the size is 0.

Content-Type

Specifies the Internet media type of the object or object version, or folder. This is one of, in order of precedence: