Before you update the owner of a bucket, make sure you have created an additional S Series Node user account.

1. Go to the Storage > Components page. 2. Click an S Series Node.

3. On the Storage > Node page, click the Buckets tab.

4. Click the bucket that you have created and want to update.

5. In the Select Account section that opens, select the account that you want to own the bucket.

6. Click Continue. Deleting an S Series Node user account

Except for the S Series Node user account that's automatically created when you add the S Series Node to the HCP system, all other accounts can be deleted. Deleting an S Series

Node user account does not delete it permanently, but rather removes the account from the HCP system. The account still exists and can be added back to the HCP system. An

account can be removed only after all buckets on the account have been deleted.

1. On the Buckets tab of an S Series Node, click Accounts.

2. Click the garbage can icon beside the account you want to delete. 3. In the warning message that appears, type Yes. 4. Click Delete.

Working with extended storage components

HCP uses extended storage components to provide you with an interface to use, manage, and monitor extended storage devices and cloud storage service endpoints.

Using the System Management Console, you can perform the following actions on extended storage components: Configure HCP to access specific extended storage devices and cloud storage service endpoints.

Configure HCP to monitor, manage, and use all of the extended storage that is accessed using one or more extended storage components of the same type as a single storage pool.

Monitor the health, availability, capacity, and usage of the extended storage that is represented by each component, and appropriately provision storage.

Pause (suspend), retire, or abandon extended storage that is represented by a single storage component, or retire all of the extended storage that is represented by the components in a single storage pool.

Creating an extended storage component

Use the Add Component wizard on the Storage page to create and configure an extended storage component.

Each time you use the Storage page to access the Add Component wizard, you are prompted to select the type of extended storage component that you want to create. The System

Management Console then dynamically builds the pages in the Add Component wizard to present only the fields you need to use to configure HCP to access and use the specified type of extended storage component. To view the Storage page, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, or delete extended storage components and extended storage pools, you need the

administrator role.

1. On the left side of the Storage page, click the Components tab.

2. On the Components panel, click Add Component. The Get Started wizard opens.

3. In the wizard, click the arrow and select the type of component that you want to create.

Note:

To create a ThinkOn cloud storage component, select ThinkOn as the type of component to configure. Then follow the same procedure as you do to configure other S3 compatible storage components.

4. Click Go.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

44/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The Get Started wizard exits and the System Management Console opens the applicable Add Component wizard.

5. Specify the information that HCP needs to use to access and use the extended storage component:

To create an Amazon S3 storage component, use the Amazon S3 storage component settings. Then return to this procedure.

To create a Google Cloud storage component, use the Google Cloud storage component settings. Then return to this procedure.

To create a Microsoft Azure storage component, use the Microsoft Azure storage component settings. Then return to this procedure.

To create an S3 compatible storage component, including a ThinkOn cloud storage component, use the S3 compatible storage component settings. Then return to this procedure.

To create an NFS storage component, use the NFS storage component settings. Then return to this procedure.

6. Click Next to save the information you entered and advance to the last page of the wizard.

7. On the Review page, take one of these actions:

If the extended storage component configuration information that you entered is correct, click Finish.