1. Open the HCP System Management Console.

2. From the top-level menu, select Security > Key Management.

The Servers page opens.

3. On the left side of the Key Management page, click the CSRs tab.

The CSRs page opens.

4. In the list of CSRs, click the delete control ( ). Downloading a CSR

You can download a CSR by using the HCP System Management Console.

To view, create and delete certificates, you need the administrator role.

1. Open the HCP System Management Console. 2. From the top-level menu, select Security > Key Management. The Servers page opens.

3. On the left side of the Key Management page, click the CSRs tab.

The CSRs page opens.

4. In the list of CSRs, click the download control for it ( ). Key management

Encryption

Storing and encrypting data with HCP requires using a central cryptographic key management service with multiple layers of keys for the encrypted data. An example of multiple

layer of keys is envelope encryption, which is the process of encrypting a key with another key.

Data encryption keys: The key used to encrypt data itself is called a data encryption key (DEK)

HCP observes the following best practices for managing DEKs:

Generate DEKs locally. When stored, make sure DEKs are encrypted at rest. Generate a new DEK every time you write the data. This means you don't need to rotate the DEKs. Do not use the same DEK to encrypt data from two different objects.

Key encryption keys: The DEK is encrypted (or "wrapped") by a key encryption key (KEK). The process of encrypting a key with another key is referred to as envelope encryption.

HCP observes the following best practices for managing KEKs: Store KEKs centrally. Set the granularity of the DEKs they encrypt based on their use case. For a workload that requires multiple DEKs to encrypt the workload's data chunks, for example,

you can use a single KEK to wrap all DEKs that are responsible for that workload's encryption. HCP rotates the keys automatically when the crypto period expires or when the maximum size of the data that you can encrypt with the encryption key is reached. However, if a key is compromised, you can force key rotation by using Replace All Keys option option on the KM Server management page on HCP.

Generating keys

HCP requests a KEK from the KM server during ingest. The KEKs are generated and maintained by the KM Server while HCP manages the life cycle. Each tenant that is part of a

service plan that use the KM Server encryption, uses a unique KEK from the KM Server to encrypt all the unique DEKs associated with objects ingested to the tenant. https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

139/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Rekeying, rotating and replacing keys

The crypto period and the amount of data that a key can protect are predetermined or system-defined. However, if a key is compromised, you can use Replace Keys option on the HCP to rotate all the encryption keys on the KM server.

Rekeying is one of the methods to preserve account permanence. HCP automatically rekeys the cryptographic keys before the crypto period expires. For example, if the system defined crypto period is 18 months and a key is no longer used for ingesting in the first 6 months, HCP generates a new key. After next 12 months, all the objects using this key are rekeyed with the currently active key. Rekeying requires an active key.

Key rotation happens automatically if one or more of the following conditions are true: The crypto period expires (for example, after a system-defined period of time has passed). Reached the maximum size of the data that you can encrypt with the encryption key (for example, a predetermined amount of data has been encrypted by a given key). Important:

Compression/Encryption service handles key encryption life cycle. Disabling this service on HCP system will impact essential KM server functionalities or prevent features such as

key rotation, key replacement from functioning correctly. Therefore the Compression/Encryption service should not be disabled.