You can use the tabs at the top of each panel to navigate between the three panels. To display a specific panel, click the corresponding tab.

The next three sections list the network and network alias properties that are displayed on the Settings, IP Configuration, and Zone Definitions panels, respectively.

Viewing the DNS zone definition for a network domain If you’re using DNS for domain name resolution, you need to add each domain you associate with a network to your DNS. If the domain for the network you’re using for replication is shared with other networks, you need to add this additional domain to the DNS: replication.admin.replicaton-network-domain-name

You can use either the Networks > All Zone Definitions page or the Networks > Network View page to view the DNS zone definition that HCP uses for a network:

Use the Networks > Network View page to view the DNS zone definition that HCP uses for a specific network.

Use the Networks > All Zone Definitions page to view the DNS zone definitions that HCP uses for all existing networks.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

85/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The DNS zone definition for each network domain is displayed in the format used for DNS zone definitions on Unix DNS servers. To add a network domain to your DNS, you can copy its DNS zone definition directly from the HCP System Management Console into your DNS. If hidden primary or notify is enabled for a network, the domain associated with that network is defined as a secondary zone. Otherwise, the network domain is defined as a stub zone.

Viewing the DNS zone definition for a specific network

To display the DNS zone definition for the domain associated with a specific network:

1. On the Networks > Network View page, in the network list, click the name of the network for which you want to display the DNS zone definition, or click the name of an alias

that points to that network.

2. At the top of the panel that opens, click the Zone Definitions tab.

The Zone Definitions panel opens. This panel shows the secondary or stub zone definition that HCP uses for the network domain, formatted as shown in this example: # net5 Network for Customer-1

zone "object-store.cust1.com" IN { type slave;

file "/var/named/slave/object-store.cust1.com"; masters {

192.168.10.101; 2001:0db8::101 ; 192.168.10.102;

2001:0db8::102; 192.168.10.103;

2001:0db8::103; 192.168.10.104;

2001:0db8::104; }; };

Tip: You can use the Zone Definition link on the Replication page to show the zone definition for a user-defined network that’s selected for replication.

Viewing the DNS zone definitions for all existing networks

To display the DNS zone definitions for all network domains defined on the HCP system, go to the Networks > All Zone Definitions page.

The Networks > All Zone Definitions page shows the DNS zone definitions that HCP uses for all existing network domains.

Considerations for modifying properties of networks and network aliases

The following considerations apply to modifying properties of networks and network aliases: You can modify only the configurable properties of a network or network alias. You cannot modify any property that has a value that’s generated or derived by HCP. You cannot change the name of a network while that network is associated with a tenant or referenced by an alias. You cannot change the name of an alias while that alias is

associated with a tenant. You cannot change a network to an alias or an alias to a network. When you take any of these actions for a network, communication on that network is temporarily disrupted:

Modify the VLAN ID or MTU. However, in the case of MTU, applications may not notice the disruption. Modify the IPv4 gateway or netmask (if defined)