HCP has two special groups that you can specify in an ACL:

The username of an Active Directory user account. This can be either the user principal name or the Security Accounts all_users

Manager (SAM) account name for the AD user account. The name of an Active Directory group. all_users. authenticated.

Grants permissions to all users, including those that access the namespace anonymously

authenticated

Grants permissions to all authenticated users

To grant permissions to one of these special groups, specify group in the type element and omit the domain element.

The Search Console returns an error if a given user or group is specified in more than one name element. type

One of:

Specifies the type of the value specified in the name element.

user

The name element specifies an HCP or Active Directory user account

The Search Console returns an error if the value of the type element doesn’t correspond to the value of the name element.

group

The name element specifies an Active Directory group, all_us ers, or authenticated domain

The name of an Active Directory domain

Specifies the Active Directory domain that contains the user account or group specified in the name element.

This element is required if the name element specifies an Active Directory user account or group. This element is invalid if the name

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

893/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Element

Values

Description

element specifies the username of a user account that’s defined in

HCP. permissions

N/A

Container for any combination of permission entries.

permission

One of:

Child of permissions entry. Specifies a permission granted to the user or group specified in the name entry.

READ READ_ACL

WRITE WRITE_ACL DELETE

Exporting search results

You can export the results of a search as a comma-separated-values (CSV) or XML file for use with other applications. For example, you could use a CSV or XML file containing

exported search results to generate a list of selected objects for a regulatory body. Or, you could use an export file as input to an application that analyzes namespace content.

Note: While the metadata query engine is active, you can export up to 102,000 search results. If the search results include more than that, only 102,000 are exported.

For each object in the search results, an export file contains either the object URL alone (metadata query engine only) or the URL along with a specific subset of the object

metadata. The file does not contain the object content. However, you can use the object URL to retrieve the object content in a separate operation.

When the export file includes object metadata, the values for each object in the file are, in order: Object URL

Object size, in bytes Content format (always blank when the metadata query engine is active)

Cryptographic hash algorithm used to calculate the cryptographic hash value of the object Cryptographic hash value of the object

Note: If HCP has not yet calculated the cryptographic hash value for an object, the value in the export file is an empty string.

The same metadata is exported for each object, regardless of whether its details are showing on the Search Results page and regardless of which search facility is active.

To export the current search results, select the format you want in the Export results field. The available formats for metadata query engine are:

To export only the object URLs: XML format (short) CSV format (short)

To export both the object URLs and the object metadata:

XML format (detailed)

CSV format (detailed)

Note: Exporting only object URLs is significantly faster than exporting both the URLs and the object metadata. Additionally, when exporting both the URLS and metadata for a

large number of objects, the resulting export file may not contain all the expected objects.

Depending on the browser you’re using and the file type you’ve selected, you may be asked whether you want to open or save the export file.

Export files are named results.selected-type, where selected-type is either CSV or XML. To prevent a subsequent export operation from overwriting an exported file, you should give