206 Partial Content

GET: HCP successfully retrieved the data in the byte range specified in the request.

207

Multi-status

PROPPATCH, PROPFIND, or DELETE for a directory: The operation generated multiple status codes. The

response body contains an XML document that shows the status codes and the names of the objects to which they apply.

400 Bad Request

All methods: The request is not well-formed. Correct the request and try again.

PROPPATCH or PROPFIND: The request XML is invalid.

PUT: For a request to add or replace custom metadata, the namespace is configured with custom

metadata XML checking enabled, and the request includes custom metadata that is not well-formed XML.

COPY or MOVE: The request does not specify the full URL for the target location.

403 Forbidden

For all methods, one of:

The namespace does not exist.

The WebDAV protocol is not enabled for the namespace. The URL specifies https and the namespace configuration does not support SSL. You don’t have permission to perform the requested operation.

MKDIR: You cannot create a directory in the specified location.

PROPPATCH: The requested change is not allowed.

COPY or MOVE: The specified source and destination locations are the same.

DELETE: The specified object is under retention.

404 Not Found

GET, HEAD, PROPPATCH, PROPFIND, COPY, MOVE, DELETE, LOCK, or UNLOCK: HCP could not find

the object, metafile, or directory specified in the request.

405

Method Not Allowed

MKCOL: HCP could not create the directory because it already exists.

DELETE: HCP could not delete the specified object or custom metadata because it is currently being written to the namespace.

409 Conflict

PUT: HCP could not store the object because it already exists.

PUT, MKCOL, COPY, or MOVE: One or more directories in the target path do not exist.

PROPPATCH: HCP could not store dead properties as custom metadata because the default annotation contains custom metadata.

412

Precondition Failed

COPY or MOVE: The operation failed because either:

HCP could not correctly copy or move the object metadata

The target object already exists and could not be deleted

LOCK: HCP could not lock the specified object.

414 Request URI Too Long

All methods: The portion of the URL following data or metadata is longer than 4,095 bytes.

416

Requested Range Not Satisfiable

GET: For a byte-range request, either:

The specified start position is greater than the size of the requested data.

The size of the specified range is zero.

423 Locked

PUT, PROPPATCH, COPY, MOVE, DELETE, or LOCK: HCP could not perform the requested operation because the target object is locked.

500

Internal Server Error

All methods: An internal error occurred. Try the request again, gradually increasing the delay between

each successive attempt.

If this happens repeatedly, please contact your tenant administrator.

503 Service Unavailable

One of:

HCP is temporarily unable to handle the request, probably to due to system overload, maintenance, or upgrade.

HCP tried to read the object from another system in the replication topology but could not.

In either case, try the request again, gradually increasing the delay between each successive attempt.

507

Insufficient Storage

PUT: Not enough space is available to store the object. Try the request again after objects are deleted from the namespace or the namespace capacity is increased.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

793/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Code

Meaning

Description

PROPPATCH, MKCOL, or COPY: Not enough space is available to complete the request. Try the request again after objects are deleted from the namespace or the namespace capacity is increased. WebDAV examples