For non-versioned namespaces, allow object overwrites if desired. See Allowing object overwrites.

18. Click Create Namespace.

If Versioning is set to On but Prune versions is not selected, a confirming message appears.

19. In the window with the confirming message, select I understand to confirm that you understand the consequences of your action. 20. Click Update Settings. Configuring a namespace

Changing the namespace name

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

275/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

You can change the name of a namespace any time, except while the S3 compatible, CIFS, or NFS protocol is enabled for the namespace. However, when you change the name, the URL for the namespace may change as well.

When you change the name of a namespace, AD single sign-on is automatically disabled for the REST API for that namespace. You can reenable it any time after the name change (as long as HCP can communicate with AD).

Tip: Be sure to notify the namespace users when you change the name of a namespace. To change the name of a namespace, you need the administrator role. 1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Namespaces. 2. In the list of namespaces, click the name of the namespace you want. 3. In the row of tabs below the namespace name, click Settings. 4. On the left side of the Settings panel, click Name. 5. In the New Namespace Name field in the Name panel, type the new name for the namespace. 6. Click Update Name.

Changing the namespace permission mask

When you create a namespace, its data access permission mask includes all permissions. Once the namespace exists, you can change its permission mask at any time.

To change a namespace permission mask, you need the administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Namespaces. 2. In the list of namespaces, click the name of the namespace you want. 3. In the namespace Overview panel, click the edit link for the Permissions section. The Console displays a set of checkboxes for the permissions. The permissions that are currently in the namespace permission mask are selected.

4. Select or deselect permissions as needed to modify the permission mask.

Selecting Purge automatically selects Delete. Selecting Search automatically selects Read.

5. Click Submit.

Changing the namespace description

The namespace description is optional. You can enter a description or modify the existing description at any time.

To change a namespace description, you need the administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Namespaces. 2. In the list of namespaces, click the name of the namespace you want. 3. In the namespace Overview panel, click the edit link for the Description section. 4. In the edit area for the description, type the new description of the namespace.

The description can be up through 1,024 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space. 5. Click Submit.

Changing the namespace storage quotas

You can change both the hard quota and soft quota for a namespace at any time.

To change namespace quotas, you need the administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Namespaces.

2. In the list of namespaces, click the modify quotas control ( 3. In the Modify Namespace Quota window, take either or both of these actions:

) for the namespace whose quotas you want to change.

In the Hard Quota field, type the number of gigabytes or terabytes of storage to allocate to the namespace and select either GB or TB to indicate the measurement unit. Valid values are integers greater than or equal to one. In the Soft Quota field, type a new soft quota for the namespace. Valid values are integers in the range ten through 95.

4. Click Update Quota.

Changing the namespace owner

You can change or remove the owner of a namespace at any time. To change or remove the owner of a namespace, you need the administrator role.