The namespace row turns green.

5. In the Reindex Selected Namespaces section, select either All objects or Objects modified after.

If you select Objects modified after, either type a date in the associated field or click the calendar control ( mm/dd/yyyy If you enter an invalid date using the correct date format, HCP tries to convert it to a real date. For example, if you enter 11/31/2012, HCP converts it to 12/01/2012.

) to select a date. If you type a date, use this format:

6. Click Reindex Namespaces.

If you selected All objects, a confirming message appears.

7. In the window with the confirming message, select I understand to confirm that you understand the consequences of your action. 8. Click Reindex Namespaces.

Renaming a content class

You can rename a content class at any time. Renaming a content class has no effect on the associations between namespaces and that class. 1. On the Search page, in the list of content classes, click the name of the content class you want to rename. 2. In the Name field in the Settings panel, type a new name for the content class. 3. Click Update Settings. If you also modified the list of content properties for the content class, clicking Update Settings commits those changes as well.

Deleting a content class

You can delete a content class at any time. When you delete a content class, you have the option of reindexing all the namespaces associated with that class. If you choose to do this, the metadata query engine reindexes each of those namespaces starting from the time the namespace was created.

1. On the Search page, in the list of content classes in the Settings panel, click the delete control ( 2. In response to the confirming message:

) for the content class you want to delete. a. (Optional) To reindex all namespaces associated with the content class you’re deleting, select Reindex all objects in associated namespaces. b. Click Delete.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

303/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Managing search and indexing for an individual namespace

You can change the search and indexing settings for an individual namespace at any time. You can: Enable or disable search.

Disabling search also:

Disables all indexing for the namespace Removes the objects in the namespace from the metadata query engine and HCP search facility indexes Deletes the list of excluded annotations for the namespace Deletes all associations the namespace has with any content classes

If search is enabled:

Enable or disable indexing. Disabling indexing also disables custom metadata indexing for the namespace. However, it does not remove objects in the namespace from the indexes.

By default, when you create a namespace with search enabled, indexing is also enabled. Add or delete associations between content classes and the namespace.

If indexing is enabled, enable or disable indexing of custom metadata. Disabling custom metadata indexing also disables metadata query engine indexing of the full text of custom metadata.

If you disable custom metadata indexing after it has been enabled, custom metadata that has already been indexed is not removed from the index.

By default, when you create a namespace with search enabled, indexing of custom metadata is disabled.

If indexing of custom metadata is enabled: Enable or disable metadata query engine indexing of the full text of custom metadata. If you disable this option after it has been enabled, custom metadata text that has already been indexed is not removed from the index. Specify annotations to be excluded from metadata query engine indexing of custom metadata. Annotations are excluded by name. So, for example, you could exclude all annotations named miscellaneous. Users cannot query for objects based on the content of excluded annotations.

You can also reindex an individual namespace at any time. You might do this, for example, if you associate additional content classes with the namespace.

Displaying the namespace Search panel

To manage search and indexing for an individual namespace, you use the namespace Search panel in the Tenant Management Console. While the metadata query engine or HCP search facility is selected for use with the Search Console, the Search panel shows the date and time before which eligible objects in the namespace are guaranteed to be included in the applicable index.