Shred: false Index: false

The list below shows a sequence of events in which the system metadata for the object is changed and the changes are then replicated.

1. On system A, a client changes the shred setting to true. 2. On system B, a client changes the index setting to true. 3. The changes on system A are replicated to system B. The resulting settings for the object on system B are: Shred: false Index: true Example 2

The object starts out on both system A and system B with these system metadata settings:

Retention: Initial Unspecified Shred: false Index: false

The list below shows a sequence of events in which the system metadata for the object is changed and the changes are then replicated.

1. On system A, a client changes the retention setting to Deletion Prohibited. 2. On system B, a client changes the retention setting to Deletion Allowed. 3. On system B, a client changes the index setting to true. 4. On system A, a client changes the shred setting to true. 5. The changes on system A are replicated to system B. The resulting settings for the object on system B are: Retention: Deletion Prohibited Shred: true Index: false Example 3

The object starts out on both system A and system B with these system metadata settings:

Retention: Initial Unspecified Hold: true Shred: false Index: false

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

709/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The list below shows a sequence of events in which the system metadata for the object is changed and the changes are then replicated.

1. On system A, a client changes the retention setting to Deletion Allowed. 2. On system B, a client changes the retention setting to Deletion Prohibited. 3. On system B, a client changes the index setting to true. 4. On system A, a client changes the shred setting to true. 5. On system A, a client releases the object from hold. 6. The changes on system A are replicated to system B. The resulting settings for the object on system B are: Retention: Deletion Prohibited Hold: true Shred: true Index: false 7. The changes on system B are replicated to system A. The resulting settings for the object on system A are:

Retention: Deletion Prohibited Hold: true Shred: true Index: false Custom metadata collisions

A custom metadata collision occurs when these events occur in the order shown:

1. One of these changes occurs:

An annotation is added with the same name to a given object on each of two systems in a replication topology, but the annotation has different content on the two systems.

The addition of an annotation to a given object on only one of the systems does not result in a custom metadata collision if the object does not have an annotation

with the same name on the other system. In this case, the new annotation is replicated without conflict.

Different changes are made to the content of a given annotation for a given object on each of the two systems in a replication topology. A change is made to the content of a given annotation for a given object on one system in a replication topology, and the same annotation is deleted on another system in the topology.

2. The change made on one of the systems is replicated to the other system. If a collision occurs when a custom metadata change for a given object is replicated from one system (system A) in a replication topology to another system (system B) in the topology:

If the last change on system A is more recent than the last change on system B, HCP applies the change from system A to the custom metadata on system B If the last change on system B is more recent than the last change on system A, HCP does not change the custom metadata on system B

Here are two examples of how HCP handles collisions when custom metadata changes for a given object are replicated from one system (system A) in a replication topology to another system (system B) in the topology.

Example 1

The object starts out with annotations named a1 and a2 on both system A and system B.

The list below shows a sequence of events in which the annotations for the object are changed and the changes are then replicated.