Name

The content property name

Expression

The XPath expression for the content property, with an annotation prefix if applicable

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

301/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Type

The data type of the content property

Format The format for the content property

An indication of whether the content property is multivalued

Creating a content class

When you create a content class, you can create content properties for it at the same time. Alternatively, you can create a content class with no properties and add properties to it later.

1. On the Search page, click Create Content Class. 2. In the Name field, type a name for the content class.

Content class names must be from one through 64 characters long, can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space, and are not case sensitive.

3. (Optional) Define one or more content properties to be added to the content class. 4. (Optional) If you defined content properties, test or export them. 5. Click Create Content Class.

Managing content properties for a content class

You can add, modify, and delete content properties for a content class at any time. You can also test the properties against XML that you supply. Additionally, you can export the properties to a content property file.

Workflow for adding, modifying, and deleting content properties 1. On the Search page, in the list of content classes in the Settings panel, click the name of the content class for which you want to add, modify, or delete content properties. 2. Add, modify, or delete a content property. Add one or more properties individually Extract one or more properties from XML that you supply Import properties from a content property file Modify a content property by making the changes you want in the row for the property.

Delete an existing content property by clicking the delete control (

) for the row containing the property.

New content properties appears in the list of content properties for the content class. The new rows are highlighted in green. Deleted properties are highlighted in red.

3. Test or export all the listed content properties. 4. Click Update Settings.

If you also typed a new name for the content class in the Name field, clicking Update Settings changes the content class name.

Adding content properties individually 1. Above the content property list, click Add. 2. In the new row that appears in the content properties list, fill in the definition for the new content property.

Extracting content properties from sample XML

1. In the Sample Custom Metadata field, type or paste the well-formed XML from which you want to extract properties. 2. Above the content property list, click Extract. The Extract Content Properties window opens. The window lists all the content properties HCP was able to extract from the sample XML.

3. Select each content property you want to add to the content class.

To select all the listed content properties, click in the checkbox at the top of the list. To deselect all the properties after selecting all, click in the checkbox again.

4. Click Add Selected.

A row for each content property you selected appears in the list of content properties for the content class.

5. (Optional) Modify the definitions of the new content properties. Importing content properties from a content property file

1. Above the content property list, click Import. 2. In the Import Content Properties window, click Browse. Then select the content property file you want. 3. Click Import.

A row for each content property defined in the content property file appears in the list of content properties for the content class.

4. (Optional) Modify the definitions of the new content properties.

Testing content properties

You can test the definitions of the content properties for a content class at any time. You do this by having HCP extract content property values from sample XML that you supply. The test applies to all the content properties in the content property list, including those that have not yet been committed.

1. On the Search page, in the list of content classes, click the name of the content class with the content properties you want to test. 2. In the Sample Custom Metadata field in the Settings panel, type or paste the well-formed XML you want to use for the test. 3. Above the content property list, click Test.