For an HCP namespace, specifies the default index setting for objects added to the namespaces. Valid

This property is optional on a PUT request.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

481/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Property

Data type

Description

Notes

values are:

This property is not valid for the default namespace. true

New objects are marked for indexing.

false

New objects are not marked for indexing.

The default is true.

indexingEnabled

Boolean

Specifies whether indexing is enabled for the namespace. Valid values are:

This property is optional on a PUT request.

true

You can set this property to true only while search is enabled for the namespace.

Indexing is enabled. false

Indexing is disabled.

Disabling indexing for the namespace automatically disables custom metadata indexing.

On a PUT request, the default is true if the searchEnabled property is set to true in the same request; otherwise, the default is false.

isDplDynamic

Boolean

Deprecated. Namespace DPL is now a service plan function.

This property is not valid on a PUT or POST request. In response to a GET request, the value of this property is always true. mqeIndexingTimestamp

String

Specifies the date and time before which objects are guaranteed to have been indexed by the metadata query engine, in this ISO 8601 format:

This property is not valid on a PUT or POST request. It is returned only by a verbose GET request.

yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ssZ

Z represents the offset from UTC, in this format:

(+|-)hhmm For example:

2017-02-09T19:44:03-0500

multipartUploadAuto AbortDays

Integer

For an HCP namespace, specifies the number of days multipart uploads can remain incomplete before they are automatically aborted. Valid values are integers in the range zero through 180. The default is 30.

This property is optional on a PUT request.

This property is not valid for the default namespace.

A value of zero means multipart uploads are never automatically aborted. name

String

Specifies the name of the namespace. HCP derives the hostname for the namespace from this name. The hostname is used in URLs for access to the namespace.

This property is required on a PUT request.

The namespace name is used in the URL for access to the namespace.

In English, the name you specify for a namespace must be from one through 63 characters long and can contain only alphanumeric characters and hyphens (-) but cannot start or end with a hyphen. In other languages, because the derived hostname cannot be more than 63 characters long, the name you specify may be limited to fewer than 63 characters.

You can change the namespace name any time after you create the namespace, except while the S3 compatible, CIFS, or NFS protocol is enabled for the namespace. However, when you change the name, the URL for the namespace may change as well.

Namespace names cannot contain special characters other than hyphens and are not case sensitive. White space is not allowed. Namespace names cannot start with xn-- (that is, the

characters x and n followed by two hyphens).

Namespace names must be unique for the owning tenant. Different tenants can have namespaces with the same name.

You can reuse namespace names that are not currently

in use. So, for example, if you delete a namespace, you can give a new namespace the same name as the one the deleted namespace had.

The name of the default namespace is always Default.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

482/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Property

Data type

Description

Notes

optimizedFor

String