To use the Search Console, you need one of these:

A tenant-level user account that is defined in HCP If HCP is configured to support Active Directory® (AD), an AD user account that is recognized at the tenant level A system-level user account that is defined in HCP and has the search role

An AD user account that is recognized at the system level and has the search role

When you log into the Search Console with a tenant-level user account that’s defined in HCP or an AD account recognized at the tenant level, you access the Console for a specific HCP tenant. You can search only searchable namespaces owned by that tenant. Your user account specifies which of those namespaces you have permission to search. If you don’t

have permission to search a given namespace, search results don’t include any objects from that namespace. When you log into the Search Console with a system-level user account that’s defined in HCP or an AD user account recognized at the system level, you can search the default

namespace and you may also be able to search the searchable namespaces belonging to one or more HCP tenants. This depends on the configuration of those tenants. Search Console URL

Tenant-level users and system-level users specify different URLs to access the Search Console. In either case, access to the Console requires the use of SSL security with HTTP

(HTTPS).

Note: If you inadvertently use http instead of https in the URL, the browser prompts you to open or save a file. Cancel out of the prompt and try again, this time using https. Search Console URL for tenant-level users

To access the Search Console with a tenant-level user account, you use a URL with this format:

https://tenant-url-name.hcp-domain-name:8888

For example, to access the Search Console for the tenant named Finance in the HCP system named hcp.example.com, you use this URL: https://finance.hcp.example.com:8888

Typically, HCP relies on DNS for hostname resolution. If this is not the case, you need to provide a mapping of the tenant hostname to an IP address for the HCP system. You specify this mapping in the c:\windows\system32\drivers\etc\hosts file (Windows®), the /etc/hosts file (Unix), or the /private/etc/hosts file (Mac OS® X) on the client.

Each line in a hosts file is a mapping of a hostname to an IP address. So, for example, if one of the IP addresses for the HCP system is 192.168.210.16, you would add this line to

the hosts file on the client to enable access to the Search Console for the Finance tenant: 192.168.210.16 finance.hcp.example.com

For the IP addresses for the HCP system, see your HCP tenant administrator.

Search Console sessions

A Search Console session begins when you take one of these actions:

Log into the Console using an HCP user account.

Access a Console page while logged in to Windows with an AD user account that HCP recognizes. This is called single sign-on.

For single sign-on to work, your web browser must be configured to support it.

Log into the Console using a recognized AD user account other than the one with which you’re currently logged in to Windows.

A session ends when you log out.

During a session, if you don’t take any action for a certain amount of time, the Console automatically logs you out if you explicitly logged in or, in the case of single sign-on, returns

you to the Simple Search page. The exact amount of idle time allowed is determined by the tenant configuration. Logging into the Search Console

1. Open a web browser window.

2. In the address field, enter the URL for the Search Console.

One of these happens:

If all of these are true, you are automatically logged in to the Search Console, and the Simple Search page appears:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

878/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The tenant is configured to support AD authentication. Your web browser is configured to support single sign-on with AD.