By default, a bucket listing includes only the current (or only) versions of objects.

A listing that includes versions of objects may include delete markers. A delete marker indicates that a version of the object was deleted.

A bucket listing is returned in an XML response body. In the response body, items in the bucket listing occur in ascending alphanumeric order by item name. If the listing includes multiple versions of an object, those versions are listed in ascending chronological order by last-modified time. Request line

Depending on whether the bucket name is included in the hostname in the S3 compatible request, a request to list the contents of a bucket of a bucket has either of these formats:

With the bucket name included in the hostname:

GET /[?[query-parameters]] HTTP/1.1

With the bucket name following the hostname: GET /bucket-name[?[query-parameters]] HTTP/1.1

query-parameters can be one or more of: continuation-token

By default, a bucket listing can include at most one thousand items. If your request exceeds this or exceeds the value set for the max-keys query parameter, the response is truncated and you can use the continuation-token query parameter to list the next set of objects. Also, when the IsTruncated response element value is set to true, the response includes the NextContinuationToken element. The value of this element can be used in your next request as the continuation token to list the next set of objects. The continuation-token is a value that only the S3 compatible API understands, and objects are listed in UTF-8 character encoding in lexicographical order. If you specify an invalid continuation-token query parameter in a request, a 400 (Bad Request) error is returned, including a message that specifies the invalid continuation-token query parameter. The continuation-token parameter name is case sensitive. delimiter

You use the delimiter query parameter to request a bucket listing that includes a list of common prefixes, where a prefix is the name of an item up through the first occurrence

of the character string specified by the delimiter parameter. Each common prefix is listed only once regardless of the number of items with matching names. The items with matching names are not included elsewhere in the listing.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

591/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The returned listing also contains items with names that do not include the character string specified by the delimiter parameter. In the listing, all the named items are listed first, followed by all the common prefixes. The items and common prefixes included in a listing are subject to any other criteria specified in the request. Both the items and the common prefixes count toward the maximum number of items that can be included in the bucket listing. The list of items does not include in-progress multipart uploads. The list of common prefixes does not include common prefixes that are exclusively for multipart uploads. The character string you specify for the delimiter query parameter can contain any valid UTF-8 characters. including white space. Percent-encode non-ASCII characters and reserved special characters such as ampersands (&), commas (,) and equal signs (=). If the character string contains spaces, enclose the entire string in quotation marks. The delimiter parameter name and the character string you specify are both case sensitive. encoding-type

You use the encoding-type query parameter to request the S3 compatible API to encode the response. You can also use this query parameter to specify the encoding method to use. The key for an object can contain any Unicode character. Some characters, such as those with an ASCII value from 0 to 10, cannot be parsed by XML 1.0 parsers. For these characters, you can add the encoding-type query parameter to request the S3 compatible API to encode the keys in the response. The encoding-type parameter name is case sensitive. fetch-owner

You use the fetch-owner query parameter to retrieve owner information. When you specify the fetch-owner query parameter to true, the S3 compatible API returns the owner information in the response. The S3 compatible API no longer returns owner information by default in the response. To include owner information in the response, you need to set the fetch-owner query parameter to true. The fetch-owner parameter name is case sensitive. list-type