The Authorization header or hcp-ns-auth cookie specifies invalid credentials. The namespace requires authentication, and the request does not include an Authorization header or hcp-ns-auth cookie. The user doesn’t have permission to perform the requested operation. The namespace does not exist.

The data access port for HTTP or HTTPS, as applicable, is disabled. For a DELETE request to delete an object, the object is under retention.

For a DELETE request to delete a directory, the directory is not empty. For a DELETE request to delete an annotation, the object is under retention, and

the namespace does not allow deleting annotations for objects under retention. For a PUT request to add a version of an existing object, the object is under

retention. For a PUT request to add or replace an annotation for an object that is under

retention, the namespace does not allow the operation for objects under retention. If more information about the error is available, the response headers include the HCP- specific X-HCP-ErrorMessage header.

404

Not Found

DELETE

One of:

GET

For all methods, HCP could not find the specified object, version, or directory.

HEAD

Any component of the URL except for the last component in the path is a symbolic link to a directory. POST

For a GET request for a version or a PUT request to copy a version, the specified version is the current version of a deleted object.

PUT of an annotation or ACL

For a GET request to retrieve object or version data and an annotation concurrently, the requested object does not have an annotation with the specified name.

GET of information about

annotations

406

Not Acceptable

GET

One of:

The request has an Accept-Encoding header that does not include gzip or *. For a GET request for an ACL, the request has a Content-Type header with a value other than application/xml or application/json.

409

Conflict

DELETE One of:

PUT

For a DELETE request, HCP could not delete or purge the specified object or delete the directory, annotation, or ACL because it is currently being written to

the namespace. For a PUT request, HCP could not add the object or directory because it already

exists and versioning is not enabled. For a PUT request to store a version of an existing object, HCP could not add a

new version of the object because another version is currently being added. For a PUT request to store an annotation, the object for which the annotation is

being stored was ingested using CIFS or NFS, and the lazy close period for the

object has not expired. For a PUT request that includes a conditional header, HCP is processing another

PUT request for the object. A large number of clients are trying to store custom metadata or ACLs for multiple objects at the same time.

410

Gone

GET

Possible reasons include:

PUT with X-HCP- CopySource

For a GET request, the object is in the process of being deleted. For a GET request, the object exists, but the HCP system does not have the

object data. Retry the request, targeting a different system in the replication topology.

For a PUT request to copy an object or version, the source object is in the process of being deleted.

For a PUT request to copy an object or version, the source object exists, but the HCP system does not have the source object data. Retry the request, targeting a different system in the replication topology.

412

Precondition Failed

GET, HEAD, or PUT with If-

One of:

Match or If-Unmodified- Since header

The request specified an If-Match header, and the ETag of the requested object or version does not match the value in the header.

PUT with

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

820/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Code

Meaning

Methods

Description

If-None-Match, X-HCP-Copy-Source-If- Match, or