3. (Optional) Filter the list of namespaces by name.

a. In the Find and Select Namespaces field, type a text string to use as a filter.

This string can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space. It is not case sensitive. https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

258/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

b. Click the find control (

).

4. For each namespace from which you want to specify data access permissions, click the add control (

) to select the group.

For each AD group with an existing HCP group account for which you want to change the associated roles, click the add control ( To select all the groups in the list, click Select All. To deselect a selected group, click the remove control ( To deselect all the selected groups, click Clear. The selected group rows turns green. ) for the group.

) to select the group.

5. In the Assign Data Access Permissions for Selected Namespaces section, select the permissions you want the user or group account to have for the selected namespaces.

Selecting Read automatically selects Browse. Selecting Search automatically selects Read and Browse. Selecting Purge automatically selects Delete.

To select all the permissions, click Select all.

6. In the S3 Object Lock Permissions section, select the permissions you want to grant to the user or group account for the selected namespaces.

Important: To use any of these permission settings, you must enable S3 Object Lock on the namespace. The following is a list of S3 Object Lock permissions, explaining when you would use each one Bypass Governance Retention: Allows you to perform operations such as deletion, shortening the retention period, or removing the lock on object versions that are locked in governance mode. Get Bucket Object Lock Configuration: Allows you to retrieve the Object Lock configuration for a bucket. Get Object Legal Hold: Allows you to retrieve an object’s current legal hold status. The legal hold status indicates whether an object is locked and cannot be overwritten or deleted. Get Object Retention: Allows you to retrieve an object’s retention settings. The retention settings indicate whether an object is locked and cannot be overwritten or deleted. Put Bucket Object Lock Configuration: Allows you to place an Object Lock configuration on the specified bucket. Put Object Legal Hold: Allows you to apply a legal hold configuration to the specified object. The legal hold status indicates whether an object is locked and cannot be overwritten or deleted. Put Object Retention: Allows you to apply an Object Retention configuration on an object.

To select all the permissions, click Select all.

7. Click Assign Namespaces.

Changing the permissions for an individual namespace

1. In the list of user or group accounts on the Users or Groups page, as applicable, click the name of the user account or group account you want.

The panel that opens includes a list of the namespaces for which the user or group account already has data access permissions. 2. (Optional) Filter the list of namespaces.

a. In the field above the Name column for the list of namespaces, select Name to filter the list by namespace name or Tag to filter the list by tag. b. In the next field, type the text string you want to use as a filter.

This string can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space. It is not case sensitive. c. Click the find control (

).

3. In the list of namespaces, click the name of the namespace for which you want to change the data access permissions. 4. In the Data Access Permissions section, select the permissions you want the user or group account to have for the selected namespaces. Selecting Read automatically selects Browse. Selecting Search automatically selects Read and Browse. Selecting Purge automatically selects Delete. To select all the permissions, click Select all.

5. In the S3 Object Lock Permissions section, select the permissions you want to grant to the user or group account for the selected namespaces.

Important: You will not see these permissions settings, if S3 Object Lock is not enabled on the namespace. The following is a list of S3 Object Lock permissions, explaining