label_hold

No

Specifies whether to place an object on labeled hold and if true, specifies a JSON format array containing pairs of one or more unique labeled hold IDs and an associated hold value. id

Unique identifier string for the labeled hold. The maximum ID size is 64 characters.

hold

Specifies whether the object is on labeled hold using this id. Either true or false.

Example

label_hold=[{"id":"MY-HOLD-ID1","hold":true}, {"id":"MY-HOLD-ID2","hold":true}]

owner

No

Specifies the user that owns the object. One of:

The name of a user account that’s defined in HCP The name of an AD user account that HCP recognizes. This can be either the user principal name

or the Security Accounts Manager (SAM) account name for the AD user account.

If you specify an AD user account, you also need to specify the domain parameter. An empty string

Specifying an empty string causes the object to have no owner.

retention

No

Specifies the retention setting for the object. 0 (zero) or Deletion Allowed

Allows the object to be deleted at any time. You can assign this value to an object only when you

add it to the namespace or when its retention setting is -2. The value -0 is equivalent to 0 (zero).

1 or Deletion Prohibited

Prevents the object from being deleted and its retention setting from being changed. You can

assign this value to an object that is not in a retention class at any time. If an object is assigned to a retention class and that class is then deleted, the retention setting for

that object changes to -1.

2 or Initial Unspecified

Specifies that the object does not yet have a retention setting. You can assign this value to an object when you add the object to the namespace. You can also directly change the retention setting for an object from 0 to ‑2. You can change ‑2 to any other retention setting. datetime

Prevents the object from being deleted until the specified date and time. You can assign this value

to an object that is not in a retention class if the specified date and time is later than the current retention setting for the object. You cannot assign it to an object for which the current retention

setting is -1.

offset

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

765/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Parameter

Required

Description

Specifies a period for which to retain the object. You can assign this value to an object that is not in a retention class at any time, except when its current retention setting is -1.

HCP calculates the retention setting date and time from the offset and one of these:

The time the object was added to the namespace

The current retention setting The current time C+retention_class_name

Assigns the object to a retention class. You can assign this value to an object if any one of these is true:

The original retention period for the object has expired. The original retention period for the object has not expired, and the retention class results in

a retention period that is longer than the current retention period. The retention setting for the object is 0 or -2.

The retention setting for the object is -1, and the class has a retention setting of -1. The object is in a retention class, and the duration of the new class is not shorter than the

duration of the original class. The retention class you assign must already be defined for the namespace.

shred No

Specifies whether to shred the object after it is deleted. Either true or false.

Response headers

This operation does not return any request-specific response headers.

Status codes

The table below describes the HTTP status codes that have specific meaning for this request.

Code

Meaning

Description

200 OK

HCP successfully updated the metadata.

400

Bad Request

One of:

The URL in the request is not well-formed.

The request is trying to change the retention setting from a retention class to an explicit setting, such as a datetime value.