HCP displays a warning about metadata-only objects when you submit a request to delete an active/passive link or to remove a tenant from an active/passive link while any of the namespaces being replicated on the link contain metadata-only objects. You can add an HCP tenant to a replication link on one of the systems involved in the link even if the management and data access networks associated with that tenant aren’t defined on the other system involved in the link. However, if these networks are not defined on the other system, the tenant and its namespaces will be inaccessible on that system.

If a network associated with a tenant is undefined in a given system, the tenant list on the Tenants page in the System Management Console for that system shows this alert for the tenant:

Specifying link content

1. In the top-level menu of the HCP System Management Console for either system involved in the link, select Services > Replication.

2. On the replication Links page, click the link for which you want to specify content. 3. On the replication link details page, click Content.

Specifying link content for an active/active link

Adding HCP tenants in an active/active link

The link content Tenants panel for an active/active link has these sections:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

343/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Tenants Replicating

Lists the HCP tenants already included on the link.

Local Tenants

Lists the HCP tenants on the local system that are eligible for replication but not currently included on the link. This list does not include tenants that are read-only on the local system due to replication. Remote Tenants

Lists the HCP tenants on the other system involved in the link that are eligible for replication but not currently included on the link. This list does not include tenants that are read-only on the other system due to replication.

If a tenant has granted system-level users administrative access to itself, the row for the tenant in the applicable list shows the number of the tenant's namespaces that are selected for replication. On the primary system for an active/passive link, the row shows this number out of the total number of namespaces owned by the tenant.

1. (Optional) Filter the list from which you want to select one or more tenants to add to the link. 2. In the applicable list, select the tenants you want to add to the link. To select all the tenants in the list, click Select All above the list. To deselect all the selected tenants, click Clear above the list.

3. Click Add Selected Tenants below the applicable list. Removing HCP tenants in an active/active link

The link content Tenants panel for an active/active link has these sections:

Tenants Replicating

Lists the HCP tenants already included on the link.

Local Tenants

Lists the HCP tenants on the local system that are eligible for replication but not currently included on the link. This list does not include tenants that are read-only on the local system due to replication.

Remote Tenants

Lists the HCP tenants on the other system involved in the link that are eligible for replication but not currently included on the link. This list does not include tenants that are read-only on the other system due to replication.

If a tenant has granted system-level users administrative access to itself, the row for the tenant in the applicable list shows the number of the tenant's namespaces that are selected for replication. On the primary system for an active/passive link, the row shows this number out of the total number of namespaces owned by the tenant.

1. (Optional) In the Tenants Replicating section, filter the list of tenants that are currently included on the link. 2. In the tenants replicating list, select the tenants you want to remove from the link. To select all the tenants in the list, click Select All above the list. To deselect all the selected tenants, click Clear above the list.

3. Click Remove Selected Tenants. Selecting HCP namespaces for tenants in an active/active link

You select and deselect HCP namespaces for replication in the Manage Namespaces window for the tenant that owns the namespaces. To open this window, in the link content