6. Select Compliant if the S Series Node meets the compliancy expectations of your service plan.

7. Select Use HTTPS for management to use HTTP with SSL security for S Series Node management requests.

8. Click Update Settings.

Clicking Advanced Settings redirects you to the Advanced tab on the S Series Node Storage > Components page. About the Switches page

On the Hardware > Switches page you can add, delete, and monitor your HCP system switches. With the Service role enabled you can add and delete switches. With the Administrator role you can monitor the status of existing switches, but you cannot add or delete them.

For each switch, the page displays the following information: Type

The type of component.

Model

The make and model of the component (for example, Dell® PowerConnect™ 2824).

IP address

The IP address of the switch.

Status

The status of the component. Possible values are:

Normal

The component is available and functioning properly.

Warning

The component has detected an error. For switches, possible causes include:

A fan in the switch is not operating normally.

A sensor in the switch is detecting an abnormal temperature. One of two power supplies in the switch is not connected.

One or more ports in the switch are malfunctioning. Unavailable

HCP does not have connectivity to the component.

HCP also reports a component as unavailable if it has not yet contacted the component for status information. To determine whether this is the reason for the

unavailable status, refresh the Hardware > Switches page in five minutes.

If the status of a component is unhealthy or if a component remains unavailable for more than five minutes, contact your authorized HCP service provider for help.

Adding a switch

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

32/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

1. Click the drop down menu located in the top right of the Switches tab and select the switch type you want to add.

2. Click Add.

A new switch, highlighted in green, appears in the window.

3. Click the Model drop down menu in the new switch, and select the applicable model.

4. Type the IP address.

5. Click Update Settings. Switches can be deleted by clicking the garbage can icon on the left side of the switch and confirming that you want the switch removed.

About the Chassis tab

For HCP with SAN-attached storage systems that use CB 320 servers, the Hardware > Chassis page shows the IPMI sensor information for the fans and power supplies on the server chassis.

Note:

HCP uses SNMP to retrieve the IPMI sensor information from the CB 320 servers. To enable this, for each server, you need to add the lowest-numbered storage node in the HCP

system to the list of SNMP managers in the server configuration. To identify the node, use a valid [[hcp_system]] network IP address for the node. For the community name, use public.

If the lowest-numbered node changes at any time (for example, because of prolonged node unavailability or the addition of a node with a lower number), you need to update the

each CB 320 server configuration accordingly.

For information about configuring CB 320 servers, see the applicable Hitachi documentation. About the individual HCP G Series Node pages

On the Hardware > Nodes page you can click any of the general nodes to go to their individual page. The General Node page contains information about the node’s hardware status

and events.

Hardware status

The Hardware Status section of an individual General Node page summarizes the current operating conditions of various components of the node you’re examining, and provides links to more detailed information about each component.

To display more detailed information about a given component, click the table row containing the component summary. To hide the details, click on the row again.

If any component is malfunctioning, the Hardware Status section automatically displays detailed information about that component. Logical volume usage details

When you click Logical volume usage, the Console displays the following information for each logical volume that’s managed by the node you’re currently viewing:

Volume ID