Check that network and time settings are correct. Warning object retention.

2835

Battery backup unit failed

A battery backup unit sensor is reporting that a BBU has failed.

Check that the hardware is functioning properly. If a problem exists, contact your authorized service provider.

Error

2836

Battery backup unit restored

A battery backup unit sensor is reporting that a BBU has returned to a fully functional state.

No action is required. Notice

2837

Battery backup unit degraded

A battery backup unit sensor is reporting that the BBU is degraded.

Check that the hardware is functioning properly. If a problem exists, contact your authorized service

Error

provider.

2838

Battery backup unit diagnostic running.

A battery backup unit is running diagnostics.

No action is required. Warning

2839

Battery backup unit diagnostic finished.

A battery backup unit has finished running diagnostics.

No action is required.

Notice

2840

Battery backup unit failed.

A battery backup unit sensor is reporting that a BBU has failed.

Check whether the hardware is functioning properly. If a problem exists, contact your Error

authorized service provider.

2841

Battery backup unit restored.

A battery backup unit sensor is reporting that a BBU has returned to a fully functional state.

No action is required.

Notice

2842

Battery backup unit

A battery backup unit sensor is reporting that the

Check whether the hardware is functioning Error

degraded.

BBU is degraded.

properly. If a problem exists, contact your authorized service provider.

2843

Front-end Ethernet communication error

A network switch may have become unavailable. Check that the hardware is functioning properly. If a problem exists, contact your authorized service Error

provider.

2844

Front-end Ethernet communication restored

The front-end Ethernet interface has returned to a normal state.

No action is required.

Notice

2845

Network interface

Either the network interfaces in a bonded network

Check that the hardware is functioning properly. If

Error

degraded

interface are not operating at the same speed, or they are not operating at the requested speed.

the problem persists, contact your authorized service provider.

2846

Network interface recovered

A network interface is now operating correctly.

No action is required. Notice

2847

Network interface not functioning properly

Either a network interface is missing, or a network interface exists on a node with no IP address assigned.

Check that the physical network is functioning properly. If it is, try resetting the network. If the problem persists, contact your authorized service provider. Error

2848

Network interface recovered

A network interface is now operating correctly.

No action is required.

Notice

2849

Network interface degraded

A network interface is not operating at the requested MTU.

Check that the hardware is functioning properly. If it is, try resetting the network. If the problem Error

persists, contact your authorized service provider.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

161/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

ID

Event

Explanation

Action

2850

Network interface recovered

A network interface is now operating correctly.

No action is required.

2851 Front-end IPv6 communication error

A network switch may have become unavailable, or IPv6 may not be functioning on the indicated interface.

Check that the hardware is functioning properly. If a problem exists, contact your authorized service provider.

2852

Front-end IPv6

IPv6 communication through the indicated front-

No action is required.

communication restored

end Ethernet interface has been restored.

2853 High load alarm

The node is experiencing a heavy load.

Please contact your authorized HCP service provider.

2854

High load alarm removed

The node is no longer experiencing a heavy load. No action is required.

2855

Insufficient quantity of RAM installed