Content Platform 9.6.3 Release notes - Customer

Hitachi Content Platform Release Notes

32

Hitachi Vantara

Corporate Headquarters

2535 Augustine Drive

Santa Clara, CA 95054 USA

HitachiVantara.com/contact

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Content Platform System Management Help

9.7.x Content Platform

MK-95HCPH001-20

Last updated: 2024-06-07

Generated from docs.hitachivantara.com

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

1/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Administering HCP

Introduction to Hitachi Content Platform

Hitachi Content Platform (HCP) is a distributed data storage system designed to support large, growing repositories of fixed-content data. An HCP system comprises hardware (physical or virtual) and software.

Hitachi Content Platform stores objects that include data and the metadata that describes the data. HCP distributes these objects across the storage space. HCP represents objects

either as URLs or as files in a standard file system.

An HCP repository is partitioned into namespaces. Each namespace consists of a distinct logical grouping of objects with its own directory structure. Namespaces are owned and

managed by tenants.

HCP provides access to objects through a variety of industry-standard protocols as well as through HCP product-specific interfaces. About the Hitachi Content Platform

Hitachi Content Platform is the distributed, fixed-content, data storage system from Hitachi Vantara. HCP provides a cost-effective, scalable, easy-to-use repository that can

accommodate all types of data, from simple text files to medical images to multigigabyte database images.

A fixed-content storage system is one in which the data cannot be modified. HCP uses write-once, read-many (WORM) storage technology and a variety of policies and services to

ensure the integrity of the stored data and the efficient use of storage capacity. HCP also provides easy access to the repository for adding, retrieving, and deleting or shredding data.

HCP has an open architecture that insulates stored data from technology changes, as well as from changes in HCP itself due to product enhancements. This open architecture

ensures that users will have access to their data long after it’s been added to the repository.

HCP runs on a networked HCP with internal storage or a HCP with SAN-attached storage.

HCP with internal storage systems use only the internal storage in each node. HCP with SAN-attached storage systems use both the internal storage in each node and the storage in Fibre Channel SAN arrays.

HCP VM systems run on virtual machines in a VMware® environment or in a KVM environment. HCP VM systems function mostly as a HCP with internal storage system, with the virtual storage emulating internal storage.

Object-based storage

HCP stores objects in a repository. Each object permanently associates data HCP receives (for example, a document, an image, or a movie) with information about that data, called metadata.

An object encapsulates:

Fixed-content data

An exact digital reproduction of data as it existed before it was stored in HCP. After it’s in the repository, this fixed-content data cannot be modified.

System metadata

System-managed properties that describe the fixed-content data (for example, its size and creation date). System metadata includes policies, such as retention and data

protection level, that influence how transactions and services affect the object. Custom metadata

Optional metadata that a user or application provides to further describe the object. Custom metadata is specified as one or more annotations, where each annotation is a

discrete unit of information about the object. Annotations are typically specified in XML format.

You can use custom metadata to create self-describing objects. Users and applications can use this metadata to understand and repurpose object content. Access control list (ACL)

Optional metadata consisting of a set of grants of permissions to perform various operations on the object. Permissions can be granted to individual users or to groups of

users.

ACLs are provided by users or applications and are specified in either XML or JSON format.