One or more power supplies are not working on one or more nodes or CB 320 server chassis. Contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Processor failure

IPMI sensors are detecting one or more nodes with processors that are not working. Contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Regions per node is low

HCP storage management is currently not configured for optimal performance.

To resolve this issue, contact your authorized HCP service provider. Remote storage almost full

Primary running storage space on the remote system for a replication link is at least 90% used. Consider adding more primary running storage capacity to the remote system or changing storage tiering strategies on that system to create more space in the existing primary running storage. For an active/active link, this alert appears only in the System Management Console for the local system.

For an active/passive link, this alert appears only in the System Management Console for the primary system.

Remote storage full (link suspended) Primary running storage space on the remote system for a replication link is 94% used. The remote system cannot act on any more replication data transmissions from the local system. HCP has automatically suspended activity on the link Either add more primary running storage capacity to the remote system, or change storage tiering strategies on that system to create more space in the existing primary running storage. Then resume activity on the link.

For an active/active link, this alert appears only in the System Management Console for the local system. For an active/passive link, this alert appears only in the System Management Console for the primary system.

Replication certificates expire soon One or more trusted replication server certificates will expire within 90 days. If a certificate expires, replication with the system from which the certificate was obtained will fail. To ensure that replication is not disrupted, when the other system in the replication pair installs a new SSL server certificate for the domain that’s associated with the replication network, download that certificate and upload it to this system as a trusted replication server certificate.

Replication certificates expire soon

One or more trusted replication server certificates will expire within 30 days. If a certificate expires, replication with the system from which the certificate was obtained will fail. To ensure that replication is not disrupted, when the other system in the replication pair installs a new SSL server certificate for the domain that’s associated with the replication network, download that certificate and upload it to this system as a trusted replication server certificate. Replication link failure

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

200/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

An active/active or outbound active/passive replication link is not working as expected. Check the network connection between the two systems involved in the link. If the connection appears to be working properly, contact your authorized HCP service provider for help.

Replication link has autopaused tenants

HCP has automatically paused replication of one or more HCP tenants. For each tenant, correct the situation that caused replication to be paused. Then resume replication of the tenant.

Replication link pending

Either the system has sent a request for a replication link to another system and is waiting for a response, or the system has received a request for a replication link and has not yet responded.

Replication link stalled Replication has unexpectedly stopped on a replication link. Check the network connection between the two systems involved in the link. If the connection appears to be working properly, contact your authorized HCP service provider for help.

Replication links shut down

All replication links in which this system is involved are shut down. No replication or recovery activity is occurring on these links, and the links cannot be used for read-from-remote or object-repair purposes. Reverse IP lookup failed for Key Distribution Center

HCP was able to do a reverse IP lookup of an IP address used for communication with the primary AD domain controller for the Key Distribution Center. However, HCP was unable to do a reverse IP lookup of an IP address used for communication with another AD domain controller in the same domain or in another domain. For more information about the problem, go to the Active Directory page in the HCP System Management Console. Reverse IP lookup failed for Key Distribution Center

HCP was unable to do a reverse IP lookup of an IP address used to communicate with the primary AD domain controller for the Key Distribution Center. For more information about the problem, go to the Active Directory page in the HCP System Management Console.

Reverse IP lookup failed for LDAP server