Grants the write and delete data access permissions for the bucket to one or more specified grantees. If you’re using a canned ACL to add an ACL to a bucket, the x-amz-grant-write header is invalid.

x-amz-grant-write-acp

Grants the write ACL data access permission for the bucket to one or more specified grantees. If you’re using a canned ACL to add an ACL to a bucket, the x-amz-grant-write-acp header is invalid. x-amz-meta-

Adds custom metadata to the object.

x-amz-object-lock-mode

Specify the Object Lock mode status for an object. The value can be either GOVERNANCE or COMPLIANCE.

GOVERNANCE

Use for objects that are subject to retention policies that are governed by a regulatory body.

COMPLIANCE

Use for objects that are subject to strict regulatory requirements. Example

x-amz-object-lock-mode: GOVERNANCE

x-amz-object-lock-retain-until-date

Specify the date and time until which an object must be retained. The date and time must be in YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ format, where YYYY represents the year, MM represents the month, DD represents the day, T represents the time separator, HH represents the hour in 24-hour format, MM represents the minute, SS represents the second and Z represents the time zone. Example x-amz-object-lock-retain-until-date: 2023-03-30T00:00:00Z

x-amz-object-lock-legal-hold

Specify the Legal hold status of an object version. Valid values are ON and OFF.

ON

You cannot delete the object version until you remove the legal hold status.

OFF

You can overwrite or delete the object version. Example

x-amz-object-lock-legal-hold: ON

x-amz-server-side-encryption

Requests that the response headers include x-amz-server-side-encryption, which indicates whether objects stored in HCP are encrypted. The value of the x-amz-server-si de-encryption request header can be any character string. When you store an object, you can use the x-amz-server-side-encryption request header to determine whether objects stored in HCP are encrypted. If stored objects are encrypted, the response headers include x-amz-server-side-encryption with a value representing the encryption algorithm and key length HCP is using. If stored objects are not encrypted, the value of the x-amz-server-side-encryption response header is None. x-hcp-labelretentionhold

Specifies whether to place one or more labeled holds on the object and the associated labeled hold IDs. The values passed with this header are in a JSON format string containing one or more id and hold value pairs. This is supported only on namespaces that are configured to use the HCP retention mode.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

604/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

id

Unique label name. The maximum label size is 64 characters.

hold Either true or false.

Example

x-hcp-labelretentionhold [{"id":"UniqueLabelHold-1","hold":true}, {"id":"UniqueLabelHold-2","hold":true}]

x-hcp-retention

Specifies the retention value for the object being stored. This value can be a fixed date, an offset, a retention class, or a special value. This is supported only on namespaces that are configured to use the HCP retention mode. x-hcp-retentionhold

Specifies whether the object is on hold. This value can be either true or false. This is supported only on namespaces that are configured to use the HCP retention mode.

Response headers

The next list describes the headers returned in response to a successful request to store an object. Content-length