Below metadata protection level. Repairing...

Primary running storage contains too few copies of metadata for one or more objects. The ingest tier metadata DPL defined for the namespace that contains each object is higher than the number of copies of metadata for that object currently found in primary running storage. The Protection service is in the process of repairing this problem. Broken fan

IPMI sensors are detecting one or more nodes or CB 320 server chassis with fan speeds outside the recommended range.

Cannot access Key Distribution Center

HCP cannot access the Key Distribution Center in the AD domain specified in the HCP AD configuration. Check that both the AD domain controller and the network connection between HCP and that server are healthy. If they both appear to be working properly, contact your authorized HCP service provider. Cannot access LDAP server

HCP cannot access the LDAP server for the AD domain specified in the HCP AD configuration. Check that both the LDAP server and the network connection between HCP and that server are healthy. If they both appear to be working properly, contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Cannot communicate with chassis

The storage node specified in the CB 320 server chassis configuration cannot communicate with one or more chassis. Ensure that the chassis configuration is correct. If it is, contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Cannot connect to AD server

HCP cannot connect to the server for the AD domain specified in the HCP AD configuration. Make sure both the AD domain controller and the network connection between HCP and that server are healthy. Also make sure that AD is correctly configured in your DNS. If the problem persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider.

CIFS AD access disabled

One of these conditions is true: The SPN attribute for one or more HCP nodes is missing from the AD domain. An internal error with the CIFS protocol occurred on one or more HCP nodes. In either case, reconfigure HCP support for AD on the Active Directory page in the HCP System Management Console.

If the problem persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider.

CIFS/NFS limit exceeded

The number of namespaces with the CIFS or NFS protocol enabled is above the maximum supported by HCP. System performance may be slower as a result.

If this is an issue, ask one or more tenant administrators to disable CIFS and NFS for one or more of their namespaces.

CIFS/NFS limit reached

The number of namespaces with the CIFS or NFS protocol enabled is at the maximum supported by HCP. Enabling CIFS or NFS for additional namespaces may slow system performance.

Conflicting CIFS settings detected

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3 196/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

One or more namespaces are configured for CIFS authenticated access only, but the system is not configured to support authenticated CIFS. As a result, CIFS cannot be used for access to those namespaces. Either enable authenticated CIFS support for the system or have the tenant administrators reconfigure the affected namespaces to support both anonymous and authenticated access with CIFS.

Content verification repair disabled

The Content Verification service is currently not checking for or repairing objects with corrupted data.

This alert appears when Do not check and repair objects is selected on the Content Verification page. Data access failover

For HCP with SAN-attached storage systems with zero-copy failover enabled, a node has taken over management of storage normally managed by another node. contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Degraded network assigned

One or more tenants are associated with a degraded network for management or data access purposes. A degraded network presents a single point of failure for clients accessing HCP over that network. Check the Networks page for degraded networks that are associated with tenants. Then reconfigure each network to assign IP addresses to one or more additional nodes.

Empty network assigned

One or more tenants are associated with an empty network for management or data access purposes. A tenant with an empty management network cannot be accessed through the Tenant Management Console or HCP management API. Namespaces belonging to a tenant with an empty data access network are inaccessible. Check the Networks page for empty networks that are associated with tenants. Then reconfigure each network to assign IP addresses to one or more nodes.

Erasure coding error