Note: You can delete any new access point from the list before you actually create the new access point on the extended storage device. To do this, click the delete control (

) in the row that corresponds to the access point name.

c. When you’re finished creating new access points, in the Action field, select Add existing, and then click Go.

8. When you’re finished adding both new and existing access points to the extended storage components, click Finish at the bottom of the panel.

When you click Finish, the Add AccessPointType wizard exits, and the AccessPointType panel (Mount Points, Buckets, or Containers) for the storage component you’ve modified appears, showing the list of access points that are currently configured for the component and the current status of each access point. All of the new and existing

access points you’ve just added are included in the list.

Configuring a new user account for access to an extended storage endpoint

You can configure a new user account to be used to access any cloud storage service endpoint or S3 compatible storage device endpoint that’s represented by an extended storage component. To view the Storage page, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, or delete extended storage components and extended storage pools, you need the administrator role.

1. On the left side of the Storage page, click the Components tab. 2. On the Components panel, click the table row that contains the name of the component for which you want to configure a new user account. 3. At the top of the panel that opens, click the tab that corresponds to the type of access point that’s used for the component (Buckets or Containers).

4. At the top of the Buckets or Containers panel, click the Accounts tab. 5. At the bottom of the Accounts panel, click Add Account. The Add Account wizard opens.

6. In the Add Account wizard, specify the following information to configure the new user account:

The account label that you want HCP to use to identify the user account in the System Management Console The access key and secret key that HCP needs to use to access the new user account For S3 compatible storage components, the authentication type you want to use to authenticate all requests sent from HCP to the storage component

Optionally, any custom request headers that you want HCP to include in the access request URLs that are sent to the cloud storage service or storage device that’s represented by the storage component in order to request read or write access to the storage associated with the new user account

7. Click Finish.

When you click Finish, the Add Account wizard exits, and the AccessPointType panel (Buckets or Containers) for the storage component you’ve modified appears, showing the list of user accounts that are currently configured for the component and the current status of each account. The new and user account you’ve just added is included in the list.

Updating the owner of a bucket in an extended storage component

Before you update the owner of a bucket or container in an extended storage component, make sure you have configured a new user account for access to any cloud storage

service endpoint or S3 compatible storage device endpoint represented by an extended storage component. This procedure is not applicable to NFS components.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

49/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

To view the Storage page, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, or delete extended storage components and extended storage pools, you need the

administrator role.

1. On the left side of the Storage page, click the Components tab. 2. Click the component you want. 3. Click the tab for the applicable type of access point (Buckets or Containers). 4. Click the Buckets or Containers tab, as applicable.

5. Click the bucket or container that you have created and want to update. 6. In the Select Account section that opens, select the account that you want to own the bucket.

7. Click Continue.

Deleting an unused access point from an extended storage component

To view the Storage page, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, or delete extended storage components and extended storage pools, you need the administrator role.