31/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The S Series Node has one or more critical problems that require attention.

Unavailable

The S Series Node is either not running, starting up but not yet able to perform functions, or shutting down and no longer able to perform functions. If an S Series

Node is unavailable because of a hardware problem, you might be able to determine the cause by reviewing the Hardware Status section on the individual Overview page.

Alerts

None, one, or more icons representing components that are experiencing problems.

Capacity

A graphical representation of the amount of storage that is currently in use compared to the total amount of storage that is on the node. The Capacity column also displays

text indicating the total number of bytes of storage and the percent of storage space that is currently in use.

Monitoring individual HCP general nodes

Each HCP general node has its own page on the HCP System Management Console that shows detailed information about the node. The page title indicates the node number and the node status.

To view an individual HCP general node page, you need the monitor, administrator, security, service, or compliance role.

1. Go to the Hardware > Nodes page.

2. Click the node that you want to examine. Monitoring individual HCP S Series Nodes

The Overview panel on the page for an individual HCP S Series Node provides information about various components of the node. The pie chart at the top right of the page shows

the total storage capacity of the S Series Node (dark blue) and the total storage capacity used (light blue).

The Server Modules section lists the names and statuses of HCP S Series Node server modules. Server modules run the software that manages the HCP S Series Node, provide

data access, and ensure data protection.

The Enclosure section lists names and statuses of S Series Node enclosures. The enclosure is a container for the power, cooling, and server modules, along with the hard disk drives inside the node. S11 nodes have only one enclosure. S30 nodes support up to 16 enclosures.

The Events section shows the messages about warning-level and error-level alerts that occur on the HCP S Series Nodes. The messages in this panel are a subset of all the messages on the HCP system log.

To see more detailed information about the HCP S Series Node, click the HCP S Series Node URL located above the pie chart. This opens the HCP S Series Management Console. Modifying HCP S Series Nodes

To view an individual HCP general node page, you need the monitor, administrator, security, service, or compliance role.

1. On the Hardware > Nodes page, click the Settings tab.

2. In the Name field, type the new name you want to give the S Series Node. 3. In the Description field, type the new description you want to give the S Series Node.

4. Optionally, if the Storage Network field is visible, select a network for tiering.

5. In the Domain Name or Virtual IP field, type the new domain or virtual IP address of the S Series Node.

6. Select Compliant if the S Series Node meets the compliancy expectations of your service plan.

7. Select Use HTTPS for management to use HTTP with SSL security for S Series Node management requests.

8. Click Update Settings.

Clicking Advanced Settings redirects you to the Advanced tab on the S Series Node Storage > Components page. About the Switches page

On the Hardware > Switches page you can add, delete, and monitor your HCP system switches. With the Service role enabled you can add and delete switches. With the Administrator role you can monitor the status of existing switches, but you cannot add or delete them.

For each switch, the page displays the following information: Type

The type of component.

Model

The make and model of the component (for example, Dell® PowerConnect™ 2824).

IP address

The IP address of the switch.

Status

The status of the component. Possible values are:

Normal

The component is available and functioning properly.

Warning

The component has detected an error. For switches, possible causes include:

A fan in the switch is not operating normally.

A sensor in the switch is detecting an abnormal temperature. One of two power supplies in the switch is not connected.

One or more ports in the switch are malfunctioning. Unavailable