storage service provider permits a different maximum size. Contact your service provider to learn the maximum size.

Whether the storage that’s represented by this component is considered to be compliant.

The account label that you want to associate with the initial Google Cloud Platform user account that you want HCP to use to access the storage that’s represented by the component. In the System Management Console, HCP uses the account label to represent the user account with the specified credentials. The access key and secret key for the Google Cloud Platform user account that you want HCP to use to access the storage that’s represented by the component. After you create a Google Cloud storage component, you can modify it to specify credentials for one or more additional user accounts.

Optionally, any custom request headers that you want HCP to include in the access request URLs that are sent to Google Cloud Platform to request read or write access to

the storage associated with the specified user account. Whether you want to access existing buckets associated with the specified user account, and if so, the name of each existing bucket you want to access.

At any given time, a bucket can be associated with only one storage component.

You can add an existing bucket to a Google Cloud storage component only if that bucket is empty or has only HCP data in it.

Whether you want to create any new buckets for the specified user account, and if so, the name of each new bucket you want to create. Note: By default, the Add Component wizard displays a list of the existing buckets that HCP is able to access using the specified user account credentials, but the wizard does not display the controls required to create a new bucket. To create a new bucket, you need to click Bucket Actions, then select Create new from the dropdown list, then

specify the name of the bucket you want to create. Microsoft Azure storage component settings

Each Microsoft Azure component represents a single endpoint that’s used to access cloud storage using one or more Microsoft Azure user accounts.

To enable HCP to access the storage that’s represented by a Microsoft Azure storage component, when you create that component, you specify the following information:

The component name. Optionally, a description of the component. Optionally, the network you want communicating with the storage component. This field is only visible if Virtual network management is enabled.

Whether you want HCP to use the default endpoint, blob.core.windows.net, to connect to Windows Azure, and if not, the fully qualified domain name (FQDN) of the endpoint that you want HCP to use instead of the default.

Optionally, you may choose any of these advanced configuration settings: You can display an advanced option that lets you specify whether to connect to Microsoft Azure using HTTPS. This option is enabled by default.

Whether you want to use a proxy server to connect to the endpoint, and if so, the following information about the proxy server:

The hostname or IP address of the proxy server. The port number you want to use to connect to the proxy server (default is 0).

Whether the extended storage component supports S3 metadata on objects. If you are unsure whether S3 metadata is supported, contact your service provider. In the Max metadata size field, type the maximum size (in bytes) of the S3 metadata that will be attached to objects tiered to the storage component. Each extended

storage service provider permits a different maximum size. Contact your service provider to learn the maximum size.

Whether the storage that’s represented by this component is considered to be compliant. The account label that you want to associate with the initial Microsoft Azure user account that you want HCP to use to access the storage that’s represented by the component. In the System Management Console, HCP uses the account label to represent the user account with the specified credentials.

The access key and secret key for the Microsoft Azure user account that you want HCP to use to access the storage that’s represented by the component.

After you create a Microsoft Azure storage component, you can modify it to specify credentials for one or more additional user accounts.

Optionally, any custom request headers that you want HCP to include in the access request URLs that are sent to Microsoft Azure to request read or write access to the

storage associated with the specified user account. Whether you want to access existing containers associated with the specified user account, and if so, the name of each existing container you want to access. At any given time, a container can be associated with only one storage component.

You can add an existing container to a Microsoft Azure storage component only if that container is empty or has only HCP data in it.