Similarly, after deselecting a namespace for replication, you can select it again. If the tenant that owns the namespace is on an active/active link, while the namespace is

deselected, operations on objects in the namespace can occur on both systems involved in the link.

These considerations apply:

When you add a replicated tenant back to a link:

If you deleted the tenant on either system involved in the link while the tenant was not on the link, the tenant is replicated back to that system If you deleted any of the tenant's replicated namespaces on either system involved in the link while the tenant was not on the link but you did not delete the tenant, those namespaces are replicated back to that system If you deleted any objects in any of the tenant's replicated namespaces on either system involved in the link while the tenant was not on the link but you did not delete the tenant or those namespaces, those objects are deleted on the other system

When you add a replicated directory back to a link:

If you deleted the directory on either system involved in the link while the directory was not on the link, the delete operation is replicated to the other system If you deleted any objects in the directory on either system involved in the link while the directory was not on the link but you did not delete the directory, those objects are deleted on the other system. When you add a replicated tenant or directory back to a link or reselect a replicated namespace for replication, all operations that occurred in that tenant, directory, or namespace on either system while replication was not happening are replicated to the other system (except for the deletion of the tenant or namespace). During this

replication, conflicts can occur between changes made on different systems while the tenant, directory, or namespace was not being replicated. After removing an HCP tenant or default-namespace directory from an active/passive link, you cannot add the tenant or directory back to that link unless you first delete the tenant or directory from the replica. This is because the tenant or directory now already exists on the replica. When you add one or more default-namespace directories to a link, some objects in directories that were already on the link may be reprocessed. This can increase the replication backlog for the default namespace. You cannot add an HCP tenant to an active/passive link if the same tenant already exists on the replica. Two tenants are the same as each other if they have the same internal ID.

The only way the same tenant can exist on two systems is if it was created on one system and then replicated to the other system. Changing the name of the tenant on either of the systems does not make the two tenants different from each other. You cannot add an HCP tenant to any type of replication link if a different tenant with the same name already exists on the other system involved in the link. In this case, however, if you change the name of the tenant on either of the systems involved, you can add the tenant to the link. You cannot add a default-namespace directory to an active/passive link if a directory with the same name already exists on the replica. If the directory is empty on the primary system or the replica, you can change the directory name on that system. Then you can add the directory to the link. You cannot chain a replication link between system A and system B into an active/passive link between system B and system C if an HCP tenant on the first link has the same name as a different tenant that already exists on system C. However, if you change the name of the tenant on system A or system C, you chain the first link into the second link. You cannot chain a replication link between system A and system B into an active/passive link between system B and system C if an HCP tenant on the first link is the same as a tenant that already exists on system C, regardless of whether the tenant names are the same. You cannot chain a replication link between system A and system B into an active/passive link between system B and system C if a default-namespace directory on the first link has the same name as a default-namespace directory that already exists on system C. In a replication chain with the configuration A > B > C, if you add an HCP tenant to the link from system A to system B and the same tenant already exists on system C, replication of that tenant from system B to system C is automatically paused. To recover from this situation: 1. Either delete the tenant on system C, or remove the tenant from the link from system A to system B. 2. Resume replication of the tenant on the link from system B to system C.