In this format:

DDD

The three-letter abbreviation for the day of the week, with an uppercase first letter (for example, Mon).

dd

The two-digit day of the month.

MMM

The three-letter abbreviation for the month, with an uppercase first letter (for example, Feb). yyyy

The four-digit year.

HH

The hour on a 24-hour clock.

mm

The number of minutes.

ss

The number of seconds.

For example:

Thu, 23 Mar 2017 14:27:05 +0000

All S3 compatible requests must include either a Date header or an x-amz-date header. If a request includes both headers, HCP uses the date and time in the x-amz-date header. Host

Specifies the hostname for the request. The host name identifies either a tenant or a bucket. For a tenant, use this format:

tenant-name.hcp-domain-name

For a bucket, use this format:

bucket-name.tenant-name.hcp-domain-name

x-amz-date

Specifies the date and time at which the request is being made according to the requester. Normally, this is the current date and time. For the valid values for this header, see the description of the Date header above. Optional headers

x-hcp-pretty-print

Optionally, requests that the XML response body be formatted for readability. Valid values are:

true

Format the XML response body for readability.

false

Do not apply any special formatting to the XML response body.

The default is false. The values true and false are not case sensitive. Response headers

The list below describes the headers returned in response to a successful request to check the versioning status of a bucket.

Content-Type

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

581/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Specifies the Internet media type of the response body. For a request to list the contents of a bucket, the value of this header is always application/xml;charset=UTF-8.

Date

The date and time when HCP responded to the request, in Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). The date and time are returned in this format: DDD dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss GMT

For example:

Fri, 18 Sep 2020 14:27:05 GMT

Transfer-Encoding

Indicates that HCP could not determine the size of the response body before formulating the response. For a request to list the buckets you own, the value of this header is always chunked.

Status codes

The table below describes HTTP status codes that can be returned in response to a request to check the versioning status of a bucket. Code

Meaning

Description

200

OK

HCP successfully retrieved the versioning status.

403

Forbidden

Possible reasons include:

The credentials provided with the request are invalid. You are not the bucket owner. The S3 compatible API is currently disabled for the specified bucket. The tenant does not currently support use of the S3 compatible API for retrieving the versioning status of a bucket.

404 Not Found

The specified bucket does not exist.

500

Internal Server Error

An internal error occurred.

If this error persists, contact your tenant administrator.

503

Service Unavailable

HCP is temporarily unable to handle the request, probably due to system overload, maintenance, or upgrade. Try the request again, gradually increasing the delay between each successive attempt.

If this error persists, contact your tenant administrator.

Example: Checking the versioning status of a bucket

Here’s a sample GET request that retrieves the versioning status of the bucket named finance. Request with s3curl command line

./s3curl.pl --id=lgreen -- -k "https://finance.europe.hcp.example.com?versioning" -H "x-hcp-pretty-print: true"

Request headers