extended storage pools that exist on the HCP system and provides information about the current status of each pool, including the one you just created.

You created and configured the extended storage pool.

Each extended storage pool provides HCP with the information it needs to access and use the storage that is represented by that pool. However, HCP can use the storage that is represented by a given pool only if it is included in at least one storage tier that is defined for a namespace by its service plan. Amazon S3 and S3 compatible storage pools

Each Amazon S3 or S3 compatible storage pool contains one or more buckets that are associated with specific Amazon S3 or S3 compatible storage components. Each storage

pool includes all of the storage that is allocated to all of the buckets in the pool.

To enable HCP to access the storage that is represented by the storage pool, you specify the following information when you create the component:

The storage pool name. Optionally, a description of the pool. Whether you want HCP to compress object data that’s stored on the storage that’s allocated to the buckets in the storage pool.

Whether you want HCP to encrypt object data that’s stored on the storage that’s allocated to the buckets in the storage pool. If encryption is disabled for the system, this option is not visible.

For each bucket you want to include in the storage pool: The name of the Amazon S3 or S3 compatible storage component that represents the endpoint that’s used to access the bucket

The account label used to identify the Amazon S3 Web Services user account that’s used to access the storage associated with the bucket The name of the bucket

Note: At any given time, a bucket can be included in only one storage pool.

Each bucket you add to a new Amazon S3 or S3 compatible storage pool must be empty or have only HCP data in it.

A storage pool is compliant only if all of the buckets in the pool are associated with compliant Amazon S3 or S3 compatible storage components. Google Cloud storage pools

Each Google Cloud storage pool contains one or more buckets that are associated with specific Google Cloud storage components. Each Google Cloud storage pool includes all of

the storage that’s allocated to all of the buckets in the pool.

To enable HCP to access the storage that’s represented by a Google Cloud storage pool, when you create that component, you specify the following information:

The storage pool name. Optionally, a description of the pool.

Whether you want HCP to compress object data that’s stored on the storage that’s allocated to the buckets in the storage pool. Whether you want HCP to encrypt object data that’s stored on the storage that’s allocated to the buckets in the storage pool. If encryption is disabled for the system, this option is not visible.

For each bucket you want to include in the storage pool: The name of the Google Cloud storage component that represents the Google Cloud Platform endpoint that’s used to access the bucket

The account label used to identify the Google Cloud Platform user account that’s used to access the storage associated with the bucket The name of the bucket

Note: At any given time, a bucket can be included in only one storage pool.

Each bucket you add to a new Google Cloud storage pool must be empty or have only HCP data in it.

A storage pool is compliant only if all of the buckets in the pool are associated with compliant Google Cloud storage components.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

53/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Microsoft Azure storage pools Each Microsoft Azure storage pool contains one or more containers that are associated with specific Microsoft Azure storage components. Each Microsoft Azure storage pool includes all of the storage that is allocated to all of the containers in the pool

To enable HCP to access the storage that is represented by a Microsoft Azure storage pool, when you create that component, you specify the following information:

The storage pool name. Optionally, a description of the pool.

Whether you want HCP to compress object data that is stored on the storage that is allocated to the containers in the storage pool. Whether you want HCP to encrypt object data that is stored on the storage that is allocated to the containers in the storage pool. If encryption is disabled for the system, this