These rates are the sums of the corresponding rates for the tenant's namespaces. A list of the namespaces selected for replication with the tenant. For each namespace, the list shows a progress bar that measures the up-to-date-as-of time for replication of that namespace, along with this time as a numeric value. The length of the progress bar represents 30 days, with the right end representing the current time.

The up-to-date-as-of time is the difference between:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

267/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The time before which objects, object parts, metadata changes, and configuration changes are guaranteed to have been sent to other systems or received from other systems The current time

Managing the namespace list

By default, the namespace list on the Replication page includes all the namespaces that are selected for replication. The namespaces are listed 20 at a time in ascending order by namespace name. You can page through, sort, and filter the list of namespaces. The Replication page indicates which namespaces are shown out of the total number of namespaces in the current list.

Paging

You can change the number of namespaces shown at a time on the Replication page. To do this, in the Items per page field, select the number of namespaces you want. The

options are 10, 20, and 50.

To page forward or backward through the namespace list, click the next ( ) or back (

) control, respectively.

1. In the Page field, type the page number you want. 2. Press Enter.

Sorting

You can sort the namespace list in ascending or descending order by namespace name. To sort the list, click the Name column heading. Each time you click the column heading, the sort order switches between ascending and descending. Filtering

You can filter the namespace list by namespace name or tag. The filtered list includes only those namespaces with a name or tag, as applicable, that begins with or is the same as a specified text string.

1. In the field above the Name column, select Name to filter by name or Tag to filter by tag. 2. In the next field, type the text string you want to use as a filter.

This string can be up to 64 characters long, can contain any valid UTF-8 characters except commas (,), and is not case sensitive. White space is allowed.

3. Click the find control (

).

To redisplay the entire list of namespaces after filtering it, click the clear filter control (

). Namespace-level view of replication

To view more detailed information about the replication of an individual namespace listed on the Replication page, click the namespace name. The panel that opens shows:

The date and time before which objects, parts of multipart objects, metadata changes, and configuration changes for the namespace are guaranteed to have been sent to

other systems or received from other systems A graph of the history of the up-to-date-as-of time for replication of the namespace A graph of the history of the data transmission rate for replication of the namespace A graph of the history of the operation rate for replication of the namespace

On an HCP system that’s sending data for the tenant to other systems, the panel also shows this information for the namespace:

The approximate number of objects and parts of multipart objects currently waiting to be replicated The approximate amount of data currently waiting to be replicated Up-to-date-as-of time

The Up to date as of section in the namespace replication panel contains a graph that shows the history of the up-to-date-as-of time for replication of the namespace. The section heading shows the current up-to-date-as-of time. If the graph is not currently visible, click Up to date as of to display it.

The x‑axis in this graph marks the passage of time. It shows 30 days (or fewer if replication has been occurring for less than 30 days). The y-axis marks the up-to-date-as-of time in days, hours, or minutes. As the up-to-date-as-of time varies, the measurement unit for the y-axis grows or shrinks as needed (for example, from days to hours to minutes). The lower