If both of these are true, the Namespace Browser login page appears: The namespace does not support AD authentication.

The namespace requires user authentication for access to the Namespace Browser. Note: The URL for the Namespace Browser login page always includes HTTPS. If the namespace does not support HTTP with SSL security, the URL for the login page

includes HTTPS but the URLs for other Namespace Browser pages include HTTP. If the namespace supports AD authentication but any of the following are true, a message appears indicating that single sign-on was not possible:

Your web browser is not configured for single sign-on.

You’re not logged in to a Windows client with an AD user account that HCP recognizes. You’re not on a Windows client.

Click the link to display the Namespace Browser login page.

Logging into the Namespace Browser as an authenticated user

1. On the Namespace Browser login page, enter your user name and password. 2. If the namespace supports AD authentication, in the Domain field, take either of these actions: If you’re accessing the Namespace Browser with an AD user account, select the AD domain in which your user account is defined. If you’re accessing the Namespace Browser with a user account that’s defined in HCP, select the domain name of the HCP system.

3. Click Log In.

The Namespace Browser opens to the Content page.

Logging into the Namespace Browser anonymously

1. On the Namespace Browser login page, select Log in anonymously. 2. Click Log In.

The Namespace Browser opens to the Content page. Common elements

All Namespace Browser pages have these options in the menu bar at the top of the page:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

803/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Content

Displays the top-level directories in the current namespace.

Namespace

Displays the list of namespaces you can access and provides access to information about these namespaces. Search HCP

Opens the HCP Search Console. This option appears only if search is enabled for the namespace.

Log Out

Logs you out and displays the login page.

Password Displays the Change Password page.

This option is not available if you used an Active Directory user account to access the Namespace Browser or if you accessed the Browser anonymously.

Changing your password

If you are accessing the Namespace Browser with a locally authenticated HCP user account, you can change your password in the Namespace Browser. When you change your

password in the Namespace Browser, it also changes the password for any other HCP interfaces to which your user account gives you access.

The next procedure describes how to change your password using the Namespace Browser.

1. In the Namespace Browser menu bar, click Password.

2. On the Change Password page:

a. In the Existing Password field, type your current password.

b. In the New Password field, type your new password.

Passwords can be up to 64 characters long, are case sensitive, and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters including white space. To be valid, a password must include at least one character from two of these three groups: alphabetic, numeric, and other. When changing your password, you cannot reuse your current password.

c. In the Confirm New Password field, type your new password again.

3. Click Update Password.

To continue using the Namespace Browser after you change your password, navigate to another page.

Working with namespace contents

Listing directory contents

To list the contents of a directory in a namespace, click Content in the Namespace Browser menu bar and navigate to the directory you want. Each directory name is a link that lists the directory contents.

All directory listing pages, except the page that lists the top-level directories, have a parent directory icon ( the parent directory.

) in the upper left next to the directory path. Click this icon to display Directory listing

The directory listing displays information about the objects in a directory and provides access to subdirectories, symbolic links, and object versions.

The Namespace Browser displays up to 100 entries at a time. If a directory has more than 100 entries, you can use the Previous and Next buttons to page through the directory to see all its contents.