The HCP Replication Verification service is responsible for checking whether the Replication service missed replicating or was unable to replicate any objects that should have been replicated. If the Replication Verification service encounters such an object, the service tries to replicate the object.

If either the Replication service or the Replication Verification service encounters an object it cannot replicate, the service marks the object as nonreplicating. If the Replication Verification service replicates a nonreplicating object, the service removes the nonreplicating mark from the object.

The Replication Verification service is not a scheduled service. The service runs only when you: Set the service to run continuously while the Replication service is running. Set the service to run once. In this case, if the Replication service is running, the Replication Verification service starts immediately. Otherwise, the Replication Verification service waits to start until the next time the Replication service runs.

You can also disable the service so that it doesn't run at all.

While running, the Replication Verification service may degrade HCP system performance. Normally, you run the service only when directed to do so by your authorized HCP service provider.

The Overview panel for a replication link indicates whether any tenants on the link have namespaces with nonreplicating objects.

Tenant administrators can view the list of nonreplicating objects in a namespace in the Tenant Management Console. Unavailable and irreparable erasure-coded objects

The status of an erasure-coded object can differ among the systems in an erasure coding topology:

An erasure-coded object is unavailable on a system if all of these are true:

One or more systems in the erasure coding topology are inaccessible. The object data cannot be reconstructed from the available chunks. No accessible system has a good full copy of the object data.

An erasure-coded object is irreparable on a system if all of these are true: All systems in the erasure coding topology are accessible. The object data cannot be reconstructed from the available chunks. No system in the topology has a good full copy of the object data.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

322/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Replicated systems Replication on each link in a replication topology occurs between two separate HCP systems, each of which is complete in its own right. Because replication is a software function, the two systems can have entirely different hardware configurations, including differing amounts of storage.

The two systems in a replicated pair are connected through the front-end network infrastructure, as shown in the following figure. Replication traffic from each system must be routable to the network selected for replication on the other system.

Replication is a network bandwidth-intensive process. To ensure sufficient front-end network capacity when replicating, you must give extra consideration to planning the front-end infrastructure.

Replication and Active Directory authentication

An HCP system can be configured to support Windows® Active Directory® (AD) for user authentication. Part of this configuration is the specification of an AD domain. The domain determines the AD groups from which HCP group accounts can be created.

If HCP is configured to support AD, HCP tenants can be configured to allow access by users authenticated by AD. For this access to work, the AD user must belong to one or more AD groups for which corresponding group accounts are defined for the tenant.

For the same AD users to be able to access a given tenant on both systems involved in a replication link, the group accounts on each system must correspond to the same AD groups as they do on the other system. To make this happen, support for AD must be enabled on both systems, and either of these must be true: The same domain is specified in the AD configuration on both systems. The domain specified in the AD configuration on one system is trusted by the domain specified in the AD configuration on the other system.

Similarly, for the same AD users to be able to access the default namespace on two systems involved in a replication link, the system-level group accounts on each system must correspond to the same AD groups as they do on the other system. Replication and RADIUS authentication