1. In the top-level menu of the HCP System Management Console, click Storage.

2. On the left side of the Storage page, click Components. 3. In the component list, click the HCP S Series or extended storage component you want.

The details page for HCP S Series and extended storage components has five tabs: Overview

Displays read and write information for the component.

Settings

Displays the basic settings for the component and lets you change some of them.

Buckets, Containers, or Mount Points

Has two subtabs:

Buckets, Containers, or Mount Points

Lists the buckets, containers, or mount points included in the component and shows usage information for each item. This tab also lets you add items of the applicable type to the component and remove existing items of the applicable type from the component. Accounts

Lists the accounts associated with the component and shows usage information for each account. This tab also lets you associate additional accounts with the

component and remove existing accounts from the component.

The Accounts tab is not present for NFS storage components.

Manage

Lets you pause, resume, delete, or abandon the component. Advanced

Shows the advanced settings for the component and lets you change them.

HCP S Series and extended storage component reads and writes

The Overview tab on the details page for an HCP S Series or extended storage component contains four graphs. These graphs show information about the use of storage represented by the component during the past 30 days (or since the component was added to the HCP system if that was less than 30 days ago).

The graphs are: Writes (bytes)

Shows the number of bytes of data written to storage represented by the component.

For an HCP S Series storage component, this number includes:

Bytes written both with the component included in a storage pool in the ingest tier and with the component included in a storage pool in a non-ingest tier.

Bytes written for all parts of multipart uploads regardless of whether the upload of the part has finished, the part was subsequently replaced, the multipart upload was aborted, or the part was not used in the completed multipart upload. Writes (operations)

Shows the number of successful write operations that targeted storage represented by the component.

Each write of a part of a multipart object counts as a separate write operation.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

68/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

For an HCP S Series storage component:

This number includes write operations both with the component included in a pool in the ingest tier and with the component included in a pool in a non-ingest tier. Each write of a part of a multipart upload counts as a separate write operation. This applies even if the part was subsequently replaced, the multipart upload was

aborted, or the part was not used in the completed multipart upload. Reads (bytes)

Shows the number of bytes of data read from storage represented by the component.

Reads (operations)

Shows the number of read operations that successfully retrieved data from storage represented by the component.

Each read of a part of a multipart object counts as a separate read operation.

Bucket, container, or mount point list for HCP S Series and extended storage components

The Buckets, Containers, or Mount Points subtab on the details page for an HCP S Series or extended storage component lists the items of the applicable type that are included in

the component. For each listed item, this tab shows: Name

The name of the bucket, container, or mount point.

Account

The label for the account associated with the bucket or container. NFS mount points are not associated with accounts.

Usage

The number of bytes currently used to store objects, parts of multipart objects, chunks for erasure-coded objects, and chunks for erasure-coded parts of objects in the

bucket, container, or mount point.