erasure coding. S Series Nodes also use several internal processes to continuously check the integrity of the stored data and the storage media.

You can use S Series Nodes as an alternative to primary running storage or as a tiering platform. This is configurable. HCP uses the S Series Node S3 compatible API to write,

retrieve, and otherwise manage objects in an S Series Node. A single HCP system can seamlessly write data across multiple S Series Nodes, thereby enabling scalability in both capacity and performance.

Additionally, for tiering purposes, HCP can use extended storage. Extended storage is storage that's managed entirely outside of the HCP system.

Each node has its own set of logical volumes. Logical volumes on storage managed by HCP are local storage volumes. Logical volumes can also be NFS volumes (also called

external volumes). These are volumes that are stored on extended storage and are accessed using NFS mount points. General nodes

General nodes are the core components of an HCP system. These nodes manage the objects that reside in HCP system storage. To ensure data integrity and continuous availability

in case of a hardware or software failure, HCP uses RAID technology for its primary storage and can also be configured to store the data and metadata for each object in multiple locations.

Each storage node runs all the HCP software. The nodes work together to serve both as a repository manager and as a gateway that enables access to the data in the repository.

All runtime operations are distributed among the storage nodes, thereby ensuring reliability and performance as capacity grows. If a node fails, the HCP system adapts by redirecting

processing to other nodes, so the stored data remains available to users. Linear scalability

A repository can accumulate a great deal of data over time. To accommodate more data, you can add nodes and storage to HCP. HCP capacity can grow smoothly from hundreds of

gigabytes to terabytes to petabytes.

Because HCP uses a distributed processing scheme, primary storage in the HCP system can scale linearly as the repository grows in size and in the number of clients that have

access to it. When you install HCP on new nodes, the system automatically integrates those nodes into the overall workflow, without manual intervention. HCP architecture

HCP hardware consists of:

Servers

Internal and/or SAN storage

Networking components such as cables and switches Additional infrastructure items such as racks and power distribution units

HCP uses back-end, front-end and optionally management networks, if the HCP hardware is configured to support it. The isolated back-end network connects the HCP nodes to

each other through two redundant back-end Ethernet switches. Each node has a pair of bonded Ethernet ports that are used to connect the node to these switches.

Each storage node is configured with an additional pair of bonded Ethernet ports that allows external applications to access the system. The recommended configuration options

are:

Two independent Ethernet switches that connect the ports to the front-end network

One Ethernet switch, with both HCP and the switch configured for active-active bonding

For VM systems, this hardware configuration applies to the physical environment in which HCP VM runs.

HCP with internal storage system architecture https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

5/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The following figure shows the architecture of an HCP system that uses internal storage. This system has four storage nodes, two back-end switches (on the left), and two front-end

switches (on the right).

The table below describes the cables in this figure. Cable

Connects from

Connects to

Red and blue Ethernet

Back-end NICs in each node

Back-end switches

Green and yellow Ethernet

Front-end NICs in each node

Front-end switches

Purple Ethernet

Back-end switches

Each other

Black power

Each node

Two PDUs

Each back-end switch

One PDU

HCP with SAN-attached storage system architecture

The following figure shows the architecture of an HCP system that uses a Fibre Channel SAN storage system. This system has four storage nodes, two modular storage trays, two