5. In the field in the message window, type YES. This is case-sensitive. 6. Click Update Settings.

Using the Node View page to assign network IP addresses to a node 1. On the Networks > Node View page, in the node list, click the number of the node to which you want to assign network IP addresses. 2. On the panel that opens, in the Network Settings table, specify the IP addresses that you want to assign to the node for each network in which you want to include that node: a. To assign an IPv4 address to a node for a network, in the row for that network, in the IP field, type the IP address that you want to assign to the node on the IPv4

subnet defined for the network.

b. To assign a primary IPv6 address to a node for a network, in the row for that network, in the Primary IP field, type the IP address that you want to assign to the node

on the primary IPv6 subnet defined for the network.

c. To automatically generate a primary IPv6 address for the node for each network that is configured to use a primary IPv6 subnet: At the top of the panel, click Calculate IPv6 Addresses. In the Calculate IPv6 Addresses section, click Calculate Primary.

If any node already has a primary IPv6 address for the network, the generated primary IPv6 address overwrites the existing address.

You can use Calculate Primary to generate primary IPv6 addresses only if the primary IPv6 address prefix length is 64 or greater.

d. To assign a secondary IPv6 address to a node for a network, in the row for that network, in the Secondary IP field, type the IP address that you want to assign to the

node on the secondary IPv6 subnet defined for the network.

e. To automatically generate a secondary IPv6 address for the node for each network that is configured to use a secondary IPv6 subnet:

At the top of the panel, click Calculate IPv6 Addresses. In the Calculate IPv6 Addresses section, click Calculate Secondary.

If any node already has a secondary IPv6 address for the network, the generated secondary IPv6 address overwrites the existing address. You can use Calculate Secondary to generate secondary IPv6 addresses only if the secondary IPv6 address prefix length is 64 or greater.

3. At the bottom of the page, click Update Settings.

A warning message appears asking you to confirm the changes you’ve made to the networks for which you’ve assigned IP addresses to the node.

4. In the field in the message window, type YES.

This is case-sensitive.

5. Click Update Settings.

Changing the default downstream DNS configuration settings for a network

When you create a new network with the Create Network wizard, the network is configured to use these default downstream DNS configuration options:

Hidden primary is disabled Notify is disabled

The refresh rate is three hours

After you have created a new network, at any time, you can use the Networks > Network View page to change these default settings. 1. On the Networks > Network View page, click the name of the network for which you want to change the default downstream DNS configuration settings. 2. Take one of these actions:

If the Settings panel opens, go to step 4.

If the IP Configuration panel opens, click the Settings tab at the top of the panel to display the Settings panel.

3. On the Settings panel, click Downstream DNS Configuration to view the downstream DNS configuration settings.

4. In the Downstream DNS Configuration section:

a. To enable hidden primary, select Enable hidden primary.

b. To enable notify, select Enable notify. c. If you are enabling hidden primary or notify, in the Downstream DNS Servers field, type a comma-separated list of between one and ten downstream DNS server IP addresses.

Spaces are not allowed.

Note:

If a secondary IPv6 subnet is defined for the network, then each IPv6 address that you specify in the downstream DNS server list must either be on the secondary IPv6 subnet or be routable from the primary IPv6 gateway that’s defined for the network.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

83/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help