To view the automatic abort time for a namespace, you need the monitor or administrator role.

To change the automatic abort time for a namespace, you need the administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Namespaces. 2. In the list of namespaces, click the name of the namespace you want. 3. In the row of tabs below the namespace name, click Policies. 4. On the left side of the Policies panel, click Multipart Upload. 5. In the Abort incomplete multipart uploads field, type the number of days after which HCP should automatically abort incomplete multipart uploads in the namespace. Valid values are integers in the range zero through 180. A value of zero means multipart uploads are never automatically aborted.

6. Click Update Settings.

Changing replication options

You can enable or disable replication for a namespace on the namespace Replication panel. While replication is enabled for the namespace, you can change options that relate to replication. While replication is disabled for the namespace, these options are hidden.

The replication options you can change are:

Read from remote system.

By default, when you create a namespace, this option is enabled. Important: Do not disable the read-from-remote-system option unless you have a specific reason to do so. Accept REST, S3 compatible requests redirected from other HCP systems.

By default, when you create a namespace, this option is enabled.

You may want to disable this option if your applications cannot tolerate stale data or metadata. One way to get stale data would be to request an object for which two versions exist but for which the current version hasn’t been replicated yet. In this case, the system targeted by the request would retrieve the old version from another system in the replication topology and return that version to the application. Collision handling.

By default, when you create a namespace, this option is set to move objects. Allow erasure coding.

If allowed by the tenant configuration and if you make the namespace cloud optimized, when you create a namespace, you can choose whether the namespace allows erasure coding.

Allowing erasure coding for a namespace that has shredding enabled as the default for new objects can significantly increase the load on all systems in the replication topology.

You can also enable or disable replication for namespaces and, if allowed, manage erasure coding on the Replication page.

While the tenant is being replicated, if you disable replication for a namespace that has already been replicated and then delete the namespace on one or more systems, the namespace deletions are not replicated. If you then reenable replication for that namespace and the namespace still exists on one or more systems, the namespace is replicated back to the systems where you deleted it.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3 280/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Important: Disabling replication or the read-from-remote-system option for a namespace that has already been replicated may cause object data in that namespace to

become inaccessible on one or more systems in the replication topology.

To view the replication options for a namespace, you need the monitor or administrator role. To change the replication options for a namespace, you need the administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Namespaces. 2. In the list of namespaces, click the namespace you want.

3. In the row of tabs below the namespace name, click Services. 4. On the left side of the Services panel, click Replication. 5. To enable or disable replication, select or deselect Replication. 6. (Optional) If Enable replication is selected, take one or more of these actions: To enable or disable the read-from-remote-system feature, select or deselect Enable read from remote system. To allow or disallow HCP to service redirected REST, S3 compatible requests that target the namespace, select or deselect Accept requests redirected from other systems in the replication topology. For cloud-optimized namespaces only, to allow or disallow erasure coding for the namespace, select or deselect Allow erasure coding. To change the collision handling option, click Collision Handling. Then, in the Collision Handling section: