Parts of an aborted upload that were already uploaded or that were in the process of being uploaded when you issued the abort request are automatically deleted. Request line

Depending on whether the bucket name is included in the hostname in the S3 compatible request, a request to abort a multipart upload has either of these formats:

With the bucket name included in the hostname:

DELETE /object-name?uploadId=upload-id HTTP/1.1

With the bucket name following the hostname: DELETE /bucket-name/object-name?uploadId=upload-id HTTP/1.1

The uploadId query parameter is case sensitive.

Note: HCP ignores query parameters it doesn't recognize. Therefore, if you use the wrong case for the uploadId query parameter in a request to abort a multipart upload, the request becomes a DELETE request for the object named in the request.

If the named object exists, HCP deletes it and returns a 204 (No Content) status code, indicating that the request was successful. HCP also returns a 204 status code if the named object does not exist. Because HCP returns a 204 status code for a successful abort of a multipart upload, you cannot tell from the status code alone whether a request to abort a multipart upload had the intended result. Request headers

The list below describes the headers you can use in a request to abort a multipart upload.

Authorization

Specifies user credentials or requests anonymous access.

Date

Specifies the date and time when the request is being made according to the requester. Normally, this is the current date and time. The date and time must always be specified using Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). To specify the date and time, use this format: DDD, dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss (+0000|GMT)

In this format:

DDD

The three-letter abbreviation for the day of the week, with an uppercase first letter (for example, Mon).

dd

The two-digit day of the month.

MMM

The three-letter abbreviation for the month, with an uppercase first letter (for example, Feb). yyyy

The four-digit year.

HH

The hour on a 24-hour clock.

mm

The number of minutes.

ss

The number of seconds.

For example:

Thu, 23 Mar 2017 14:27:05 +0000

All S3 compatible requests must include either a Date header or an x-amz-date header. If a request includes both headers, HCP uses the date and time in the x-amz-date header. Host

Specifies the hostname for the request. The host name identifies either a tenant or a bucket. For a tenant, use this format:

tenant-name.hcp-domain-name

For a bucket, use this format:

bucket-name.tenant-name.hcp-domain-name

x-amz-date

Specifies the date and time at which the request is being made according to the requester. Normally, this is the current date and time. For the valid values for this header, see the description of the Date header above. Response header

The list below describes the headers returned in response to a successful request to abort a multipart upload.

Date

The date and time when HCP responded to the request, in Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). The date and time are returned in this format:

DDD dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss GMT

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

657/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

For example:

Fri, 18 Sep 2020 14:27:05 GMT Status codes

The table below describes HTTP status codes that can be returned in response to a request to complete a multipart upload.

Code

Meaning

Description

204

No Content

HCP successfully aborted the multipart upload.

403

Forbidden

Possible reasons include: