The IPv4 subnet that is defined for the network. HCP derives the IPv4 subnet from the IPv4 gateway and subnet mask that are configured for the network. The IPv4 addresses that are assigned to the nodes that are included in the network (if any). These addresses must be on the IPv4 subnet defined for the network.

If IPv6 is selected, indicating that the network supports IPv6 addresses, the IP Configuration panel displays these properties:

The primary IPv6 gateway and the primary IPv6 address prefix length that are defined for the network. The primary IPv6 subnet that is defined for the network. HCP derives the primary IPv6 subnet for the network from the IPv6 gateway and IPv6 address prefix length

that are configured for the network. The primary IPv6 addresses that are assigned to the nodes that are included in the network (if any). These addresses must be on the primary IPv6 subnet defined for the network. Whether or not a secondary IPv6 subnet is defined for the network.

If a secondary IPv6 subnet is defined for the network, the IP Configuration panel displays these additional properties:

The secondary IPv6 gateway and the secondary IPv6 address prefix length that are defined for the network. The secondary IPv6 subnet that is defined for the network. HCP derives the secondary IPv6 subnet for the network from the IPv6 gateway and IPv6 address

prefix length that are configured for the network. The secondary IPv6 addresses that are assigned to the nodes that are included in the network. These addresses must be on the secondary IPv6 subnet

defined for the network.

A list of nodes that do not have any IPv4 or IPv6 addresses assigned to them for the network. These nodes are not included in the network.

Network and network alias properties displayed on the Zone Definitions panel HCP automatically creates and maintains a DNS zone definition for the network domain used for each network defined on the system.

When you click the name of a network in the network list, the Zone Definitions panel displays the DNS zone definition that HCP uses for that network.

When you click the name of a network alias in the network list, the Zone Definitions panel displays the DNS zone definition that HCP uses for the targeted network (that is, the DNS

zone definition that HCP uses for the network that the alias points to).

Viewing properties of a network on the Node View page

To use the Networks > Network View page to view the properties of a network or network alias, click its name in the network list. The properties of the network or network alias are

displayed on three separate panels: Settings, IP Configuration, and Zone Definitions. If there are no alerts associated with a network or network alias, when you click its name to view its properties, the Settings panel opens. If an alert is associated with a network or

network alias, when you click its name to view its properties, the panel that opens is the one used to display the configuration settings that you need to change to fix the problem indicated by the alert.

You can use the tabs at the top of each panel to navigate between the three panels. To display a specific panel, click the corresponding tab.

The next three sections list the network and network alias properties that are displayed on the Settings, IP Configuration, and Zone Definitions panels, respectively.

Viewing the DNS zone definition for a network domain If you’re using DNS for domain name resolution, you need to add each domain you associate with a network to your DNS. If the domain for the network you’re using for replication is shared with other networks, you need to add this additional domain to the DNS: replication.admin.replicaton-network-domain-name

You can use either the Networks > All Zone Definitions page or the Networks > Network View page to view the DNS zone definition that HCP uses for a network:

Use the Networks > Network View page to view the DNS zone definition that HCP uses for a specific network.

Use the Networks > All Zone Definitions page to view the DNS zone definitions that HCP uses for all existing networks.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

85/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help