Grants full control over the bucket to one or more specified grantees. If you’re using a canned ACL to add an ACL to a bucket, the x-amz-grant-full-control header is invalid.

x-amz-grant-read

Grants the browse and read data access permissions for the bucket to one or more specified grantees. If you’re using a canned ACL to add an ACL to a bucket, the x-amz-grant-read header is invalid. x-amz-grant-read-acp

Grants the read ACL data access permission for the bucket to one or more specified grantees. If you’re using a canned ACL to add an ACL to a bucket, the x-amz-grant-read-acp header is invalid.

x-amz-grant-write

Grants the write and delete data access permissions for the bucket to one or more specified grantees. If you’re using a canned ACL to add an ACL to a bucket, the x-amz-grant-write header is invalid. x-amz-grant-write-acp

Grants the write ACL data access permission for the bucket to one or more specified grantees. If you’re using a canned ACL to add an ACL to a bucket, the x-amz-grant-write-acp header is invalid.

x-amz-meta-

Adds custom metadata to the target object.

x-amz-metadata-directive

Tells HCP whether to use the custom metadata, if any, for the source object or object version as the custom metadata for the target object or to use the custom metadata, if any, specified in the copy request. Valid values are: COPY

Use the custom metadata for the source object or object version.

REPLACE

Use the custom metadata specified in the copy request.

These values are case sensitive.

The default is COPY. x-amz-server-side-encryption

Requests that the response headers include x-amz-server-side-encryption, which indicates whether objects stored in HCP are encrypted. The value of the x-amz-serv er-side-encryption request header can be any character string.

x-hcp-pretty-print

Optionally, requests that the XML response body be formatted for readability. Valid values are:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

620/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

true

Format the XML response body for readability.

false

Do not apply any special formatting to the XML response body.

The default is false. The values true and false are not case sensitive. x-hcp-labelretentionhold

Specifies whether to place one or more labeled holds on the object and the associated labeled hold IDs. The values passed with this header are in a JSON format string containing one or more id and hold-value pairs.

id

Unique label name. The maximum label size is 64 characters. hold

Either true or false.

Examples

Place two labeled holds on the object.

x-hcp-labelretentionhold [{"id":"LabelHold-1","hold":true}, {"id":"LabelHold-2","hold":true}]

Remove a labeled hold from the object.

x-hcp-labelretentionhold [{"id":"LabelHold-2","hold":false}]

x-hcp-retention

Specifies the retention value for the object being stored. This value can be a fixed date, an offset, a retention class, or a special value. x-hcp-retentionhold

Specifies whether the object is on hold. This value can be either true or false.

Response headers

The list below describes the headers returned in response to a successful request to copy an object.

Content-Type

Specifies the Internet media type of the response body. For a request to copy an object, the value of this header is always application/xml;charset=UTF-8. Date

The date and time when HCP responded to the request, in Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). The date and time are returned in this format: