Storage usage is percent used

The storage managed by the storage nodes is 90 or more percent full. When storage usage is 95 or more percent full, HCP will not store any new objects or any new or replacement custom metadata. It will, however, continue to allow metadata changes.

In a HCP with SAN-attached storage system with spindown storage, this value applies only to running storage.

Default service plan DPL setting is 1 For HCP with internal storage systems only, the ingest tier DPL defined for namespaces by the default service plan is 1 (one). To ensure that stored data is protected, all HCP namespaces that use the default service plan should be replicated. Additionally, if the default namespace uses the default service plan, all directories in that namespace should be replicated.

System is starting

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

202/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The HCP system is in the process of starting up.

Tenants inaccessible due to network configuration One or more tenants are associated with a network other than [hcp_system], but virtual network management is disabled. A tenant with a management network other than [hcp_system] cannot be accessed through the Tenant Management Console or HCP management API. Namespaces belonging to a tenant with a data access network other than [hcp_system] are inaccessible. This error can occur when tenants on an HCP system that has virtual network management enabled are replicated to a system that does not. To have virtual network management enabled, contact your authorized HCP service provider. Tenants inaccessible due to network configuration

One or more networks specified as the management or data access network for one or more tenants do not exist. A tenant with a nonexistent management network cannot

be accessed through the Tenant Management Console or HCP management API. Namespaces belonging to a tenant with a nonexistent data access network are inaccessible. This error can occur on an HCP system that’s a replication target when a network defined on a source system is not defined on the target system. Check the Networks page for the list of nonexistent networks that are associated with tenants. For each listed network, create a network with the same name.

Time out of sync between replicating systems

The system time on this system is more than one minute out of sync with the system time on one or more other systems with which this system participates in a replication link. The recommended practice is to have all HCP systems in a replication topology use the same external time server.

Unavailable nodes

One or more nodes are unavailable. If the status of a node changes spontaneously from available to unavailable and the node does not restart automatically, contact your authorized HCP service provider. Do not try to restart the node manually, as that may cause the loss of information needed to diagnose the problem. Unavailable objects

One or more unavailable objects have been detected. These objects cannot be replicated until they are repaired. If the objects cannot be recovered, they become irreparable. If this occurs, contact your authorized service provider.

Usage has exceeded license capacity for the storage

The storage capacity of the storage license has been exceeded.

Contact HCP support to procure a new license. Username mapping invalid

In the username mapping file used by the CIFS protocol for the default namespace, one or more usernames map to the same UID. Only one username can map to any given UID.

Hardware page alerts

The System Management Console uses system health icons for alerts that appear on the Hardware page. These alerts are described in the table below. The alerts are listed alphabetically by their hover text. Alerts with text beginning with a number are listed first, in alphabetical order by the variable that represents the number. HCP

bad-fan-count of fan-count chassis fans indicating problems

One or more fans in one or more CB 320 server chassis are not functioning properly. Contact your authorized HCP service provider.

bad-power-supply-count of power-supply-count chassis power supplies indicating problems

One or more power supplies in one or more CB 320 server chassis are not functioning properly. Contact your authorized HCP service provider.

fan-count of fan-count chassis fans operating normally

All fans on all CB 320 server chassis are functioning properly.

power-supply-count of power-supply-count chassis power supplies operating normally

All power supplies on all CB 320 server chassis are functioning properly.

BBU charging