When added to a namespace, an ACL becomes part of the target object. When viewed or specified in the Console, ACLs are formatted as XML.

ACLs are enabled on a per-namespace basis. In namespaces where ACLs are enabled, the namespace can be configured to either enforce or ignore the permissions granted by ACLs. Retention settings

Each object has a retention setting that specifies how long the object must remain in its namespace before it can be deleted; this duration is called the retention period. While an object cannot be deleted due to its retention setting, it is said to be under retention.

The retention setting for an object can be: A specific date and time

This is the time before which the object cannot be deleted. If this is a date in the past, this setting is displayed as Expired in the Search Console.

Deletion Allowed

The object can be deleted at any time. This value is displayed as Expired in the Search Console.

Deletion Prohibited

The object can never be deleted. Initial Unspecified

The object does not yet have a specific retention setting and cannot be deleted until it has a setting that allows deletion.

A retention class

This is a named retention setting. It can be a duration (such as seven years) or one of the special values listed above.

Retention classes are namespace specific. That is, an object in one namespace cannot be assigned a retention class that’s defined in a different namespace. Retention mode

Retention mode is a property of a namespace that affects which operations are allowed on objects under retention. A namespace can be in either of two retention modes:

In compliance mode, objects that are under retention cannot be deleted through any mechanism. Additionally, the duration of a retention class cannot be shortened, and retention classes cannot be deleted.

In enterprise mode, users and applications can delete objects under retention if they have specific permission to do so. This is called privileged delete.

Also in enterprise mode, the duration of a retention class can be shortened, and retention classes can be deleted.

About searching namespaces

HCP lets you search namespaces for objects that meet specified criteria. This capability supports search and discovery to satisfy government requirements and provides support for

audits and litigation. You can use the results of a search to analyze namespace contents and manipulate groups of objects. Search Console

HCP provides an interactive interface for searching namespaces. This interface, called the Search Console, is a web application that offers a structured environment for creating and

executing queries. You can also use the Search Console to perform these operations on groups of objects: hold, release, delete, purge, privileged delete, privileged purge, change owner, and set ACLs.

A query is a request you submit that contains a collection of criteria that each object in the search results must satisfy. The response to a query is metadata about the objects that

meet the query criteria. You can use this metadata to retrieve objects of interest. Additionally, from the Search Console, you can export the metadata for use as input to other applications. Search facilities

The Search Console works with this search facility:

The metadata query engine

This facility is integrated with HCP and is also used by the metadata query API, which is a programmatic interface for querying namespaces. Indexes

Each search facility maintains an index of objects. The index maintained by the metadata query engine resides in HCP.

The metadata query engine index is based on system metadata, custom metadata that is well-formed XML, and ACLs.

Indexing is enabled on a per-namespace basis. If a namespace is not indexed, searches do not return any results for objects in the namespace.

Indexing of custom metadata is also enabled on a per-namespace basis. If indexing of custom metadata is disabled for a namespace, the index associated with the metadata query engine does not include custom metadata for objects in the namespace.

HCP namespaces can be configured to store multiple versions of objects. Each index, however, includes only the most current version of an object. To maintain its index, each search facility periodically checks indexable namespaces for new objects and for objects with metadata that has changed since the last check. When it finds new or changed information, it updates its index. The amount of time a search facility takes to update its index depends on the amount of information to be indexed.

Note: If an index update includes a large amount of information, new objects or objects with changed metadata may be unavailable to searches until the update is complete.

Metadata query engine indexing of custom metadata can be configured as follows:

Specific content properties can be indexed.