Spindown storage usage is percent used

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

201/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

For HCP with SAN-attached storage systems with spindown storage, spindown storage is less than 75 percent full.

Spindown storage usage is percent used

For HCP with SAN-attached storage systems with spindown storage, spindown storage is 75 to less than 90 percent full. Consider adding more spindown storage capacity to the HCP system.

Spindown storage usage is percent used For HCP with SAN-attached storage systems with spindown storage, spindown storage is 90 or more percent full. HCP will not move any more objects to spindown storage until either objects are removed from spindown storage or spindown storage capacity is increased.

Storage Tiering service is missing from the current schedule

The HCP system includes the Storage Tiering service which should be, but is not scheduled. No objects will be moved to spindown or external storage.

SSL server certificate expires soon

One or more SSL server certificates for one or more HCP domains will expire within 90 days If a domain has no valid certificates, clients must accept the invalid certificate presented by HCP for access to namespaces in that domain. If the domain associated with the replication network has no valid certificates, replication fails. Check the Domains and Certificates page to see which certificates are expiring. Then make sure each affected domain has at least one certificate that will be valid when the expiring certificates expire. SSL server certificate expires soon

One or more SSL server certificates for one or more HCP domains will expire within 30 days. If a domain has no valid certificates, HTTPS access to namespaces in that domain is not allowed. If the domain associated with the replication network has no valid

certificates, replication fails. Check the Domains and Certificates page to see which certificates are expiring. Then make sure each affected domain has at least one certificate that will be valid when the expiring certificates expire. Storage device reporting errors

One or more physical drives are experiencing problems. Contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Storage license has expired

The storage license is past its expiration date and no longer valid. Contact HCP support to procure a new license.

Storage license is not a valid license for this system

The HCP system serial number does not match the serial number on the storage license. A new storage license must be uploaded with a matching serial number.

Contact HCP support to procure a new license.

Storage usage is percent used

The storage managed by the storage nodes is less than 75 percent full. In a HCP with SAN-attached storage system with spindown storage, this value applies only to running storage.

Storage usage is percent used The storage managed by the storage nodes is 75 to less than 90 percent full. Consider adding more storage capacity to the HCP system. In a HCP with SAN-attached storage system with spindown storage, this value applies only to running storage.

Storage usage is percent used

The storage managed by the storage nodes is 90 or more percent full. When storage usage is 95 or more percent full, HCP will not store any new objects or any new or replacement custom metadata. It will, however, continue to allow metadata changes.

In a HCP with SAN-attached storage system with spindown storage, this value applies only to running storage.

Default service plan DPL setting is 1 For HCP with internal storage systems only, the ingest tier DPL defined for namespaces by the default service plan is 1 (one). To ensure that stored data is protected, all HCP namespaces that use the default service plan should be replicated. Additionally, if the default namespace uses the default service plan, all directories in that namespace should be replicated.

System is starting

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

202/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The HCP system is in the process of starting up.