https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

260/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Note: Replaced parts, parts of aborted multipart uploads, and parts not included in completed multipart uploads are deleted automatically but not necessarily immediately.

Available

The number of bytes still available for storing data in the tenant's namespaces. Namespaces

This category shows:

Quota

The number of namespaces reserved for the tenant out of the total number of namespaces the system can have. This is also the maximum number of namespaces the tenant can own at any given time. If the tenant doesn’t have a quota, this field displays No Quota.

Used

The number of namespaces currently owned by the tenant. Available

The number of additional namespaces the tenant can own if the tenant has a quota. If the tenant has no quota, this is the number of unallocated namespaces out of the total number of namespaces the system can have, minus the number of existing namespaces owned by tenants with no quota.

Objects Ingested

The total number of objects currently stored in all the tenant's namespaces. Each version of an object counts as a separate object. However, the object count does not include object versions that are delete markers or delete records. Each multipart object counts as a single object. Objects that are in the process of being created by multipart uploads are not included in the object count. Objects Indexed

The total number of indexed objects in all the tenant's namespaces. This is the number of objects in the index maintained by the search facility that’s currently selected for use with the Search Console. This item appears only if the tenant has the search feature and a search facility is currently selected for use with the Search Console. Accounts

This category shows:

The numbers of locally authenticated and RADIUS-authenticated user accounts defined for the tenant. This information is shown only if the tenant supports local or RADIUS authentication. The number of group accounts defined for the tenant. This information is shown only if the tenant supports AD authentication and HCP support for AD is enabled at the system level. Major tenant events

The Major Events section on the tenant Overview page lists log messages about major events related to the tenant and its namespaces (for example, the tenant permission mask was changed or a namespace was created). The list includes all such messages that have occurred since the tenant was created.

The list of messages in the Major Events section is a subset of the messages in the event log for the tenant. You can view all the tenant-level messages in the tenant event log in the All Events panel on the Tenant Events page.

By default, the messages in the Major Events section are listed ten at a time in reverse chronological order.

If the Overview page shows alerts instead of log messages, click the Major Events tab to display the log messages. Tenant alerts

The Alerts section on the tenant Overview page shows alerts that indicate tenant-related conditions that may require human intervention (for example, the tenant is running low on unused space). This section is visible only if alerts currently exist for the tenant.

Each alert is represented by an icon accompanied by descriptive text.

If the Overview page shows log messages instead of alerts, click the Alerts tab to display the alerts.

Note: If the tenant is read-only due to being a replication target or due to metadata unavailability, a notice of the situation appears at the top of every Tenant Management Console page. In this case, you cannot make any configuration changes to the tenant or to the namespaces it owns, nor can users and applications make any changes to namespace content. Additionally, in the case of metadata unavailability, statistics that describe namespace content may be inaccurate. Tenant features

The Features section on the tenant Overview page shows which of these features the tenant has:

Replication

If this feature is present, the tenant is eligible for replication. Additionally, when you create a namespace, you have the option of selecting it to be replicated with the tenant. You can also select and deselect existing namespaces for replication. If this feature is not present, the tenant cannot be replicated, and you cannot select or deselect namespaces to be replicated with it. Retention Mode Selection