3. At the top of the panel that opens, click the Settings tab. 4. On the panel that opens, use the fields to change any of the settings that are currently used for the pool.

5. Click Update Settings.

Adding access points to an extended storage pool

You can add one or more access points (mount points, buckets, or containers) to an existing extended storage pool.

1. On the left side of the Storage page, click the Pools tab. 2. On the Pools panel, click the table row that contains the name of the pool to which you want to add one or more access points. 3. At the top of the panel that opens, click the tab that corresponds to the type of access point that’s contained in the pool (Mount Points, Buckets, or Containers).

The AccessPointType panel opens, displaying a table that contains a list of existing access points (mount points, buckets, or containers) that can be included in the type of storage pool that you’re currently configuring. The access points that are currently included in the pool are selected.

4. Select each existing access point that you want to add to the storage pool.

5. Click Update Settings.

Deleting access points from an extended storage pool

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

55/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help You can delete one or more unused access points (mount points, buckets, or containers) from an existing extended storage pool.

1. On the left side of the Storage page, click the Pools tab.

2. On the Pools panel, click the table row that contains the name of the pool from which you want to delete one or more access points. 3. At the top of the panel that opens, click the tab that corresponds to the type of access point that’s contained in the pool (Mount Points, Buckets, or Containers).

The AccessPointType panel opens, displaying a table that contains a list of existing access points (mount points, buckets, or containers) that can be included in the type of storage pool that you’re currently configuring. The access points that are currently included in the pool are selected.

4. Deselect each existing access point that you want to delete from the storage pool. Note:

After you store data on an NFS volume, you cannot delete it from its NFS storage pool. Also, you cannot delete all of the access points in a storage pool if that pool is

currently used for a storage tier that’s defined for a namespace by its service plan.

5. Click Update Settings.

Remounting an NFS volume

If an NFS volume is experiencing problems, you can manually try to remount that NFS volume. Before doing that, however, you should ensure that the device hosting the NFS volume and the network connection to that device are functioning properly. You should also ensure that the exported share that corresponds to the NFS volume is configured correctly on the host device.

HCP can take up to a minute to respond to a remount request.

1. On the left side of the Storage page, click Components.

2. In the components list, click the name of the NFS storage component that’s associated with the NFS volume that you want to remount. 3. At the top of the panel that opens, click the Mount Points tab.

4. On the Mount Points panel, in the table row that contains the NFS mount point that corresponds to the NFS volume you want to remount, click the remount control ( ).

If the manual remount fails, try restarting the node with which the NFS volume is associated. To see which node the NFS volume is associated with, hover your cursor over the status icon for the mount point on the Mount Points panel.

Deleting an extended storage pool