If the set of permissions includes PURGE, delete permission is enabled automatically. If the set of permissions includes READ, browse permission is enabled automatically.

The default is no permissions.

This property is not valid for the default namespace.

These values are not case sensitive.

authUsersAlwaysGranted AllPermissions Boolean

Specifies whether users have the minimum data access permissions specified by the authAndAnonymous-Minim umPermissions property in addition to the minimum data access permissions specified by the authMinimumP ermissions property when using a protocol that requires authentication. Valid values are:

This property is optional on a PUT request.

This property is not valid for the default namespace. true

Users have the minimum data access permissions specified by both properties when using a protocol that requires authentication.

false

Users have only the minimum data access permissions specified by the authMinimum-Perm issions property when using a protocol that requires authentication.

The default is true. creationTime

String

Specifies the date and time at which the namespace was created, in this ISO 8601 format:

This property is not valid on a PUT or POST request. It is returned only by a verbose GET request.

yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ssZ

Z represents the offset from UTC, in this format:

(+|-)hhmm

For example:

2017-02-09T19:44:03-0500

customMetadata IndexingEnabled Boolean

Specifies whether custom metadata indexing is enabled for the namespace. Valid values are:

This property is optional on a PUT request.

true

You can set this property to true only while indexing is enabled for the namespace.

Custom metadata indexing is enabled.

false

Custom metadata indexing is disabled.

Disabling custom metadata indexing for the namespace automatically disables full custom metadata indexing.

The default is false.

customMetadata ValidationEnabled Boolean

Specifies whether custom metadata XML checking is enabled for the namespace. Valid values are:

This property is optional on a PUT request.

true

When custom metadata is added to an object in the namespace, HCP checks whether the custom metadata is well-formed XML.

false

When custom metadata is added to an object in the namespace, HCP does not check whether the custom metadata is well-formed XML.

The default is false. description

String

This property is optional on a PUT request.

Specifies a description of the namespace. This description is optional. The default is the description

specified by the namespace defaults for the tenant.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

480/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Property

Data type

Description

Notes

To remove a description from an existing namespace, specify the description property with no value. directoryUsage

String

Specifies whether the cloud optimized namespace is configured for balanced directory mode or unbalanced directory mode. Valid values are:

Balanced

The directory usage is configured for balanced mode. A well distributed directory structure is required to avoid hot spotting and ensure optimal performance. Unbalanced

The directory usage is configured for unbalanced mode. Optimal performance is not dependent upon a directory structure.

The default is specified by the namespace defaults for the tenant. These values are not case sensitive.

dpl

String

Deprecated. Namespace DPL is now a service plan

function.

This property is ignored on a PUT or POST request. In response to a GET request, the value of this property is always Dynamic. enterpriseMode

Boolean

Specifies the namespace retention mode. Valid values are:

This property is optional on a PUT request.

true

The namespace is in enterprise mode.

You can set the value of this property to false only if the owning tenant is allowed to set the retention mode for its namespaces. false

The namespace is in compliance mode.

The default is the retention mode specified by the

In enterprise mode, privileged deletes are allowed, retention class durations can be shortened, and retention classes can be deleted. In compliance mode,

namespace defaults for the tenant.

these activities are not allowed.