Delete

Root element.

Key

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

634/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Child of the Object element. The Key element specifies the name of the object to delete.

Object

Child of the Delete element. The Object element specifies the delete request for an object. Quiet

Child of the Delete element. The Quiet element, when its value is set to true, enables quiet mode for the request.

Response headers

The list below describes the headers returned in response to a successful request to delete multiple objects.

Content-Length

The size, in bytes, of the response body if HCP can determine the size before formulating the response. If the response does not include a response body, the value of the Content-Length header is 0 (zero). Content-Type

The Internet media type of the response body if HCP can determine the Internet media type. If HCP cannot determine the Internet media type, the value of this header is app lication/octet-stream.

Date

The date and time when HCP responded to the request, in Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). The date and time are returned in this format: DDD dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss GMT

For example:

Fri, 18 Sep 2020 14:27:05 GMT

Response body

HCP returns information about the objects that were successfully deleted and the objects that were not successfully deleted from a delete request in an XML response body.

The list below describes the XML elements in the response body returned in response to a request to delete multiple objects. The elements are listed in alphabetical order. Code

Child of the Error element. The Code element specifies the status code for the error.

DeleteMarker

Child of the Deleted element. The DeleteMarker element specifies whether the request accessed a delete marker.

DeleteMarkerVersionId

Child of the Deleted element.

DeleteResult

Root element. Deleted

Child of the DeleteResult element. The Deleted element specifies the name of the object that the S3 compatible API successfully deleted.

Error

Child of the DeleteResult element. The Error element specifies the name of the object that was not deleted and describes the error that was encountered. Key

Child of the Deleted element or the Error element. The Key element specifies the name of the object that the S3 compatible API attempted to delete.

Message

Child of the Error element. The Message element provides more information about the error.

VersionId

Child of the Deleted element or the Error element. The VersionId element specifies the version ID of the object that the S3 compatible API attempted to delete. The version ID of only the current version of the object is returned. Status codes

The table below describes HTTP status codes that can be returned in response to a request to delete multiple objects.

Code

Meaning

Description

200

OK

HCP has accepted the request. This does not mean that every object in the request was successfully deleted.

204

No Content

One of these:

HCP successfully deleted the object. The specified object does not exist. The current version of the specified object is a delete marker.

400 Bad Request

Possible reasons include:

The request includes a header that is invalid for the requested operation. The specified bucket name is invalid. The specified object name is invalid.

403

Forbidden

Possible reasons include:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

635/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Code

Meaning

Description

The credentials provided with the request are invalid. You do not have delete permission for the specified object. The S3 compatible API is currently disabled for the specified bucket.

404 Not Found

Possible reasons include that the specified object does not exist.

409

Conflict

Possible reasons include:

The object data is currently being written to HCP. The specified object is under retention.

500

Internal Server Error

An internal error occurred.