Allows the object to be deleted at any time. You can assign this value to an object only when you

add it to the namespace or when its retention setting is -2. The value -0 is equivalent to 0 (zero).

1 or Deletion Prohibited

Prevents the object from being deleted and its retention setting from being changed. You can

assign this value to an object that is not in a retention class at any time. If an object is assigned to a retention class and that class is then deleted, the retention setting for

that object changes to -1.

2 or Initial Unspecified

Specifies that the object does not yet have a retention setting. You can assign this value to an object when you add the object to the namespace. You can also directly change the retention setting for an object from 0 to ‑2. You can change ‑2 to any other retention setting. datetime

Prevents the object from being deleted until the specified date and time. You can assign this value

to an object that is not in a retention class if the specified date and time is later than the current retention setting for the object. You cannot assign it to an object for which the current retention

setting is -1. offset

Specifies a period for which to retain the object. You can assign this value to an object that is not in

a retention class at any time, except when its current retention setting is -1. HCP calculates the retention setting date and time from the offset and one of these:

The time the object was added to the namespace

The current retention setting The current time C+retention_class_name

Assigns the object to a retention class.

You can assign this value to an object if any one of these is true:

The original retention period for the object has expired. The original retention period for the object has not expired, and the retention class results in

a retention period that is longer than the current retention period. The retention setting for the object is 0 or -2.

The retention setting for the object is -1, and the class has a retention setting of -1. The object is in a retention class, and the duration of the new class is not shorter than the duration of the original class.

The retention class you assign must already be defined for the namespace.

shred

No

Specifies whether to shred the object after it is deleted. Either true or false.

Response headers

The list below describes the request-specific HTTP response headers for this operation. ETag

The ETag of the object or version enclosed in double quotation marks ("). This header is returned only if the object has an ETag.

X-HCP-CustomMetadata Hash

The cryptographic hash algorithm HCP uses and the cryptographic hash value of the stored annotation, in this format:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

763/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

X-HCP-CustomMetadataHash: hash-algorithm hash-value You can use the returned hash value to verify that the content of the stored annotation is the same as the annotation content you sent. To do this, compare this value with a

hash value that you generate from the original annotation content. This header is returned only if the request contains both data and custom metadata. X-HCP-Hash

The cryptographic hash algorithm HCP uses, along with the cryptographic hash value stored for the object, in this format:

X-HCP-Hash: hash-algorithmhash-value

You can use the returned hash value to verify that the stored data is the same as the data you sent. To perform the verification, compare this value with a hash value that you generate from the original data. The

X-HCP-Hash

header is not returned for multipart objects.

X-HCP-VersionId

The version ID of the object.

Status codes

The table below describes the HTTP status codes that have specific meaning for this request.

Code

Meaning

Description

400

OK

One of:

The URL in the request is not well-formed.

The request contains an unsupported query parameter or an invalid value for a query parameter. The request is trying to store an object with a predefined ACL in a namespace that does not support ACLs.