If the last change to the retention class on system B is more recent than the last change to the class on system A, HCP does not change the value of the class on system B

A retention class value of -1 (Deletion Prohibited) is greater than a value that’s a specific duration. A retention class value of 0 (Deletion Allowed) or -2 (Initial Unspecified) is less than a value that’s a specific duration.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

338/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM Content Platform System Management Help

Considerations for cross-release replication

HCP release 9.x systems support replication with other release 9.x systems and with release 8.x systems. HCP does not support replication between 9.x systems and systems earlier than 8.0.

Cross-release replication and erasure coding topologies

Erasure coding topologies cannot include HCP systems at a release earlier than 8.0. Cross-release replication and multipart objects

HCP cannot replicate multipart objects between a 9.x system and an 8.x system. As a result:

When you add a tenant to a cross-release replication link, HCP automatically pauses replication of that tenant if both of the following are true for any of the tenant's namespaces:

The namespace has replication enabled. The namespace contains one or more multipart objects.

When you select a namespace for replication, HCP automatically pauses replication of the tenant that owns that namespace if both of the following are true for any of the tenant's namespaces:

The namespace has replication enabled. The namespace contains one or more multipart objects.

When you select a namespace for replication, HCP automatically pauses replication of the tenant that owns that namespace if both of the following are true:

The replication link on which the tenant is being replicated is a cross-release link. The namespace contains one or more multipart objects.

When a multipart upload is completed on a namespace, HCP automatically pauses replication of the tenant that owns that namespace if both of the following are true:

The namespace has replication enabled. The replication link on which the tenant is being replicated is a cross-release link.

Configuring SSL for replication

Before replication can occur between two HCP systems, the systems involved must have a trust relationship with each other. This trust is based on shared SSL server certificates. This section of the Help provides instructions for downloading, uploading, and deleting SSL server certificates for replication.

To view the SSL configuration for replication, you need the monitor or administrator role. To configure SSL for replication, you need the administrator role.

Sharing SSL server certificates

Before replication can occur on a replication link, the two systems involved in the link each need to have installed at least one valid replication SSL server certificate. Each system

also needs to have installed at least one valid replication SSL server certificate from the other system as a trusted replication server certificate.

A valid replication SSL server certificate on any given HCP system is one that:

Is associated with the domain that’s associated with the network that’s selected for replication on that system Has already reached its start date Has not expired To share a certificate, the HCP administrator for the system in which the certificate is installed needs to download the certificate and give it to the administrator for the other system. That administrator then needs to upload the certificate as a trusted replication server certificate on the other system. Because what’s downloaded is only the public portion of each

server certificate, you can transfer the certificate unsecured.

For any given replication link, the two systems directly involved must share certificates. In a replication chain, for example, from system A to system B to system C, systems A and B must share certificates, and systems B and C must share certificates, but systems A and C don’t need to do this.

If you take any of these actions on one of the systems in a replication pair, the replication certificate on that system automatically changes: Delete the certificate that’s currently being used for replication Associate a different domain with the network that’s selected for replication Select a different network for replication, where that network is associated with a different domain from the previously selected network Install a new valid certificate for the applicable domain where that certificate has an earlier start date than the certificate that’s currently being used for replication The replication certificate also automatically changes if: