The total number of erasure-coded objects and erasure-coded parts of multipart objects on any available system in the topology is greater than zero.

The Management panel on the EC Topologies page for a retiring or retired topology shows the number of erasure-coded objects and erasure-coded parts of multipart objects on the available systems.

More than one system in the topology is unavailable, and the state of the topology is retiring.

Deleting an erasure coding topology

1. In the top-level menu of the HCP System Management Console for any system in the topology, select Services > Geo-distributed EC. 2. On the EC Topologies page, click the topology you want to delete. 3. On the erasure coding topology details page, click Management. 4. In the Management panel, click Delete. If deleting the topology could result in inaccessible data in namespaces on an unavailable system, a confirming message appears. In the field in the message window, type YES (this is case sensitive) to confirm that you understand the consequences of your action. Then click Delete Topology.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

356/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Understanding the erasure coding topology list

The EC Topologies page in the HCP System Management Console lists the currently defined erasure coding topologies in which the current system participates. To display this page, in the top-level menu of the System Management Console, select Services > Geo-distributed EC.

For each listed erasure coding topology, the EC Topologies page shows: Name

The erasure coding topology name.

State

The current state of the erasure coding topology: Active, Retiring, or Retired.

Protection Status

The current status of the erasure coding topology with respect to how well-protected erasure-coded objects are: Healthy, Vulnerable, Broken, Retiring, Retired, or Unknown. Read Status

The current status of the erasure coding topology with respect to the ability to read erasure-coded objects: Healthy, Vulnerable, Broken, Retired, or Unknown. Alerts

If issues exist with the erasure coding topology, one or both of these icons:

This icon is displayed under these conditions:

The erasure coding topology protection status is vulnerable. The erasure coding topology read status is vulnerable.

Replication is paused for one or more tenants on one or more replication links in the erasure coding topology. This condition is reported only for active topologies.

This icon is displayed under these conditions:

The erasure coding topology protection status is broken. The erasure coding topology read status is broken. One or more tenants added to the erasure coding topology have not been added to one or more replication links in the topology. HCP does not report this

condition for a tenant until ten minutes after the tenant was added to the topology. HCP cannot find one or more replication links that are included in the erasure coding topology.

To view text describing the condition that's causing the alert, hover over the alert icon. Understanding erasure coding topology details

The list of erasure coding topologies on the EC Topologies page shows the current status of each active, retiring, or retired erasure coding topology. To further monitor the status of a topology and to manage the topology, click the name of the topology in the list.

The page that opens shows details about the erasure coding topology in a Status section, HCP Systems section, and Overview panel, each of which is described below. The additional panels you can access on this page are: Tenants panel

Shows the tenants that are included in the topology and the tenants that are eligible to be included in the topology.

Settings panel

Shows the erasure coding topology properties and lets you change those properties.

Management panel

Lets you retire and delete the erasure coding topology. Status section

The Status section on the details page for an erasure coding topology shows:

Topology state

The current state of the topology. The topology state can be Active, Retiring, or Retired.

Protection status