886/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Tip: You can use a structured search to find objects that belong to any class, not just the one hundred most frequent classes.

The retention classes on the Search Results page are listed in descending order of frequency. You can select only one retention class to use as a filter in any given search. When you select a retention class, the Search Results page redisplays the search results, including only objects in the selected class. The name of the retention class appears in the Active result filters area.

Filtering by hold status

While the metadata query engine is active, the Search Results page lists the possible hold statuses, Held or Not Held, along with the number of returned objects to which each setting applies.

When you select Held or Not Held, the Search Results page redisplays the search results, including only objects with the selected hold status. The setting itself appears in the Active result filters area.

Filtering by namespace

The Search Results page lists namespaces in which objects in the search results are located, along with the number of returned objects in each namespace. The name of the tenant

that owns the namespace follows the namespace name, in parentheses. The list includes only the 15 namespaces that appear most often in the search results. Tip: You can use a structured search to find objects in any indexed namespace for which you have search permission, not just the 15 that appear most frequently.

The namespaces on the Search Results page are listed in descending order of frequency. You can select only one namespace to use as a filter in any given search.

When you select a namespace, the Search Results page redisplays the search results, including only objects in the selected namespace. The name of the namespace appears in the Active result filters area.

Performing operations on returned objects

The Search Console allows you to perform operations on multiple objects at a time. You can use the Console to:

Hold objects or release objects that are on hold. Delete or purge objects. Purge applies only to HCP namespaces, which can store multiple versions of objects. Purging an object deletes all versions of that object, including the current version. Deleting an object with multiple versions deletes only the current version. Note: HCP can delete or purge up to 2,000 objects in a single operation. If the search results include more than that, only the first 2,000 are deleted or purged. For all other

operations, the operation works on the entire set of search results. Perform privileged delete or privileged purge operations. These operations work on objects that are under retention as well as on those that are not. When you perform a

privileged operation, you’re required to specify a reason for it. While the metadata query engine is active, change object owners to an HCP user, an Active Directory user, or no owner. This operation applies only to objects in HCP

namespaces. While the metadata query engine is active, set ACLs on objects. With this operation, the ACL you specify is added to any object without an ACL and replaces any existing ACLs on objects with ACLs. This operation applies only to objects in HCP namespaces. While the metadata query engine is active, update ACLs on objects. With this operation:

For objects without ACLs, the ACL you specify is set for those objects. For objects with ACLs, the existing ACLs are updated with the grants in the ACL you specify.

If an existing ACL doesn’t have a grant for a user or group that you specify, a grant for that user or group is added to the existing ACL. If an existing ACL already has a grant for a user or group that you specify, the grant in the existing ACL is replaced with the grant you specify for that user or group.

This operation applies only to objects in HCP namespaces.

Note: ACLs are enabled on a per-namespace basis. If ACLs are not enabled for a namespace and you try to set or update ACLs on objects in that namespace, the operation fails for those objects.

For any of the operations mentioned above to work on the objects in any given namespace: The namespace must be configured to allow the operation.

You must have permission to perform the operation.

A requested operation works only on the objects in namespaces that support the operation and for which you have permission to perform the operation. Other objects in the search

results are not affected.