Generating a chargeback report

To generate a chargeback report, you need the monitor or administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, select Monitoring > Chargeback. 2. On the Chargeback page: As applicable:

Click Hourly Chargeback Report. Click Daily Chargeback Report. Click Monthly Chargeback Report.

3. Select the browser-specific option for downloading the report.

By default, the name of the downloaded report file is either Hourly-Chargeback-Report.csv, Daily-Chargeback-Report.csv, or Monthly-Chargeback-Report.csv, as applicable.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

269/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Chargeback statistics collection Chargeback statistics either reflect a point in time or are dynamic. Point-in-time statistics are measurements taken at the end of a reporting interval, such as the used storage capacity for a namespace at the end of an hour. Dynamic statistics are measurements, such as the number of reads or writes to a namespace, that are accumulated over time.

HCP accumulates dynamic statistics on an hourly basis, starting at the beginning of each hour. So, for example, one statistic might represent the number of successful writes to a namespace that occurred between 11:00:00 and 11:59:59. Another might represent the number of successful writes to the same namespace that occurred between 12:00:00 and 12:59:59. Chargeback report content

The first line of a chargeback report contains identifiers for the values in the subsequent lines. The list below describes each of these values.

bytesIn

Type: Dynamic

The total number of bytes successfully written to the given namespace or to any of the namespaces owned by the tenant during the reporting interval. The total number of bytes written includes all parts uploaded for multipart uploads regardless of whether the upload of the part has finished, the part was subsequently replaced, the multipart upload was aborted, or the part was not used in the completed multipart upload. If data was compressed before being transmitted, this is the number of bytes before compression. bytesOut

Type: Dynamic The total number of bytes read from the given namespace or from any of the namespaces owned by the tenant during the reporting interval. If data (including XML for directory listings) was compressed before being transmitted, this is the number of bytes before compression.

deleted One of:

true

For a namespace only, the namespace was deleted after the statistics in the set were collected.

false

The namespace or tenant currently exists.

included

For a tenant only, the statistics in the set include values for one or more namespaces that were subsequently deleted.

deletes

Type: Dynamic The total number of delete and purge operations successfully performed in the given namespace or in any of the namespaces owned by the tenant during the reporting interval. A delete of a multipart object counts as a single delete operation. The count of delete and purge operations does not include automatic deletions of replaced parts, parts of aborted multipart uploads, or unused parts of completed multipart uploads. endTime

The end time of the reporting interval for the set of statistics in the line, in the same format as is used for the startTime value.

ingestedVolume

Type: Point in time The total size of the stored data and custom metadata, in bytes, before the data and custom metadata were added to the given namespace or to any of the namespaces owned by the tenant. multipartObject Bytes

Type: Point in time The total number of bytes of object data in all the parts of multipart objects currently stored in the given namespace or in all the namespaces owned by the tenant.

multipartObject Parts

Type: Point in time

The total number of parts of multipart objects currently stored in the given namespace or in all the namespaces owned by the tenant. multipartObjects

Type: Point in time The total number of multipart objects currently stored in the given namespace or in all the namespaces owned by the tenant.

multipartUpload Bytes