A green background indicates that the component is within normal operating parameters.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

25/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

An orange background indicates that the component is disabled or needs attention in some way. The text that accompanies icons with an orange background appears

automatically below the icon area. This text may contain links to Console pages that you can use to view more information about the problem and, in some cases, change one or more specific configuration settings in order to resolve the problem. For example, the text may contain a network name that’s a link to the page on which you can view

and change the IP configuration settings for that network. A red background indicates that the component is malfunctioning. The text that accompanies icons with a red background appears automatically below the icon area. This

text may contain links to more information about the problem and, in some cases, change one or more specific configuration settings in order to resolve the problem. For

example, the text may contain a node number that’s a link to more detailed information about a problem with the hardware on that node. Note:

If the entire HCP system is read-only because of metadata unavailability, a message about the situation appears at the top of every System Management Console page. While the

system is read-only, configuration changes and changes to namespace content are not allowed. Additionally, statistics that describe repository content might be inaccurate.

If the message says that the system has limited functionality and the situation persists, contact your HCP support center for help. Current service status

The Services section on the Overview page displays the status of each HCP service except Fast Object Recovery, Migration, Replication, Replication Verification, and Shredding.

The information in this section is rolled up from all the HCP storage nodes. For example, if the Content Verification service is running on at least one storage node, the status of the

service is running, regardless of whether it is running on any other nodes. For each service, the Services section shows:

Service

The name of the service.

Status

The current status of the service. Possible values are:

Running

The service is currently running.

Completed

The service stopped running because it completed all of its work before the end of its scheduled run time period. Stopped

The service stopped running at the end of its scheduled run time period.

Stopping

The service is in the process of transitioning from Running to Completed or Stopped.

Waiting

The service has never run.

Fixing

The service is fixing violations that it has detected.

Irreparable

The service failed to fix violations. This is a severe condition and should be evaluated immediately. Disabled

The service cannot run because it has been manually disabled (for example, during problem resolution) or because another service that has precedence is currently running.

If unforeseen or user-initiated events violate a service setting at the object, node, or system level, the status of the service changes as HCP detects the violation and

attempts to correct it. Time

The time of the most recent change to the service status, shown for the time zone that’s used for the HCP system time. The service was enforced until the specified time. For

example, if the Protection service finishes at 10:00 PM on March 9, 2011 and the status of the service is Completed, the Time column displays:

10:00 PM 03/09/2011

The only exception to this is while a service is waiting for its first run. During this time, the Time column shows the current time. Major events

The Major Events section on the Overview page lists log messages, reasons for the message, and suggested actions about major events that have occurred since the HCP system

was installed (for example, the addition or failure of a node). The list of messages in this section is a subset of the messages in the HCP system log. You can view all the messages in the system log in the All Events panel on the System Events page.

By default, the messages in the Major Events section are listed ten at a time in reverse chronological order. System graphs

The System section on the Overview page contains two graphs: Objects and Ingested Volume. It also indicates the system type and the location of the storage volumes.