The IP mode currently used for the network. The IP mode for a network indicates the types of IP addresses that the network is configured to use for each node that participates in the network.

If the IP mode for a network is:

IPv4, the network is configured to use only IPv4 addresses IPv6, the network is configured to use only IPv6 addresses

IPv4/IPv6, the network is configured to use both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses All IPv4 and IPv6 subnets that are defined for the network, shown in CIDR format.

The name of the network domain. None, one, or more alert icons representing problems with the network. To see the text that accompanies an icon, hover your cursor over the icon. For each network alias, the list shows:

The alias name The IP mode, IPv4 and IPv6 subnets, and domain name used for the target network

The alerts that apply to the target network

Additionally, the network list displays this icon in the table row that corresponds to the network or alias that’s currently selected as the replication network:

To view more information about a specific network or network alias, or to modify the configuration settings used for that network or network alias, click its name in the network list.

Managing the network list

By default, the network list on the Networks > Network View page includes all existing networks and network aliases. The networks and aliases are listed 20 at a time in ascending order by network or alias name.

You can page through, sort, and filter the list of networks and aliases. The Networks > Network View page indicates which networks and aliases are shown out of the total number of networks and aliases in the current list. Paging

You can change the number of networks and aliases that appear on each page of the network list on the Networks > Network View page. To do this, in the Items per page field, select the number of networks and aliases you want to display on each page in the network list. The options are 10, 20, and 50.

To page forward or backward through the network list, click the next ( ) or back (

) control, respectively.

To view the Networks page, you need the monitor, administrator or service role. To create, modify, and delete user-defined networks and network aliases, you need the administrator role. To modify the [hcp_system] or [hcp_backend] network, you need the service role.

1. In the Page field, type the page number that corresponds to the network list page you want to view. 2. Press Enter. Sorting

You can sort the networks and aliases in the network list in ascending or descending order by network name or by domain name. To sort the list, click the column heading for the property by which you want to sort. Each time you click the column heading, the sort order switches between ascending and descending.

Filtering the list by network name

You can use the fields and controls that appear above the network list to filter the items in the list by network name or by network IP mode.

When filtered by network name, the list includes only those networks and aliases that have a name that begins with or is the same as a specified text string.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

79/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help To view the Networks page, you need the monitor, administrator or service role. To create, modify, and delete user-defined networks and network aliases, you need the administrator

role. To modify the [hcp_system] or [hcp_backend] network, you need the service role.

1. Select Name from the drop-down list above the network list. 2. In the text field, type the text string that you want to use as a filter. This string can be up to 64 characters long, can contain any valid UTF-8 characters except commas (,), and is not case sensitive. White space is allowed. ).

3. Click the find control (

When filtered by network IP mode, the list includes only those networks and network aliases that have the specified IP mode (IPv4, IPv6, or IPv4/IPv6).

Filtering the list by IP mode