■ VMware vSAN 7.0

■ KVM — qualified on CentOS 7 and Fedora Core 29. For relevant support, configuration,

installation, and usage information, see Deploying an HCP-VM System on KVM (MK-94HCP009-06). Third-party integrations

The following third-party applications have been tested and proven to work with HCP. Hitachi Vantara does not endorse any of the applications listed below, nor does Hitachi Vantara perform ongoing qualification with subsequent releases of the applications or HCP. Use these and other third-party applications at your own risk.

Content Platform 9.6.3 Release notes - Customer

Hitachi Content Platform Release Notes

13

Hitachi API for Amazon S3 tools Hitachi API for Amazon S3 tools

These tools are qualified for use with the Hitachi API for Amazon S3:

■ CloudBerry Explorer (does not support multipart upload)

■ CloudBerry Explorer PRO (for HCP multipart upload, requires using an Amazon S3

compatible account instead of a HCP account; for CloudBerry internal chunking, requires versioning to be enabled on the target bucket) ■ S3 Curl

■ S3 Browser

Mail servers

These mail servers are qualified for use with the SMTP protocol:

■ Microsoft Exchange 2010 (64 bit)

■ Microsoft Exchange 2013

■ Microsoft Exchange 2016

NDMP backup applications

These NDMP backup applications are qualified for use with HCP:

■ Hitachi Data Protection Suite 8.0 SP4 (CommVault® Simpana® 8.0)

■ Symantec® NetBackup® 7 — To use NetBackup with an HCP system:

Configure NDMP to require user authentication (that is, select either the Allow

username/pwd authenticated operations or Allow digest authenticated operations option in the NDMP protocol panel for the default namespace in the Tenant Management Console).

Configure NetBackup to send the following directive with the list of backup paths:

set TYPE=openPGP Windows Active Directory

HCP is compatible with Active Directory on servers running Windows Server 2012 R2 or Windows Server 2016. In either case, all domain controllers in the forest HCP uses for user authentication must minimally be at the 2012 R2 functional level.

RADIUS protocols

HCP supports the following RADIUS protocols: ■ CHAP

■ EAPMD5

Content Platform 9.6.3 Release notes - Customer

Hitachi Content Platform Release Notes

14

System Monitoring

■ MSCHAPv2

■ PAP

System Monitoring

The following system monitoring and alerting third-party tools are integrated with HCP and expose their end-points for third-party monitoring, dashboarding, and alerting solutions: ■ Prometheus v2.37.0:

Prometheus API documentation: https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/2.37/ querying/api/

Qualified visualization of Prometheus metrics with Grafana v9.4

■ Alertmanager (Prometheus Alerting): Alertmanager v0.24.0

Supported hardware

The following sections list hardware that is supported for use in HCP systems.

Note: The lists of supported hardware are subject to change without notice. For the most recent information on supported hardware, contact your HCP sales representative.

Supported servers

These servers are supported for HCP systems with internal storage:

■ HCP G11 (D52BQ-2U)

■ HCP G10 (D51B-2U)

These servers are supported for HCP SAN-attached systems with internal storage:

■ HCP G11 (D52BQ-2U)

■ HCP G10 (D51B-2U) Server memory

At least 32 GB of RAM per node is needed to use new software features introduced in HCP 9.x. An HCP system can be upgraded to version 9.x with a minimum of 12 GB of RAM per node, and receive the patches and bug fixes that come with the upgrade, but the system cannot use the new software features. Inadequate RAM causes performance degradation and can negatively affect system stability.

If you have less than 32 GB RAM per node and would like to upgrade to HCP 9.x, contact your Hitachi Vantara account team.

Content Platform 9.6.3 Release notes - Customer

Hitachi Content Platform Release Notes

15

Supported storage platforms

Supported storage platforms