Depending on the IP mode selected for the network, use the fields in the IPv4 Configuration section, the IPv6 Configuration section, or both sections to specify

the IPv4 gateway and subnet mask for the IPv4 subnet and to specify the IPv6 gateway and prefix length for each IPv6 subnet, respectively. At the bottom of the IP Configuration panel, use the fields in the node IP addresses table, and optionally, use Calculate Primary and Calculate Secondary below the table to assign IP addresses to each node included in the network.

You cannot use the Zone Definitions panel to change any network configuration settings.

3. When you finish modifying settings on the selected panel, click Update Settings at the bottom of the page.

A warning message appears asking you to confirm the changes you’ve made.

4. In the field in the message window, type YES. This is case-sensitive. 5. Click Update Settings. 6. Optionally, to change additional network configuration settings on another panel, click the applicable navigation tab to display that panel. Then, repeat steps 3-6 above to

make the additional changes to the network configuration.

7. After your finish making changes in the network configuration section, go to the Networks > Network View page to return to the network list.

Modifying network IP address assignments for a node on the Node View page

You can use the Networks > Node View page to modify the network IP address assignments that are defined for each node for each existing network on the HCP system. 1. On the Networks > Node View page, in the node list, click the number of one of the nodes for which you want to modify network IP address assignments. 2. On the panel that opens, use the fields in the Network Settings table, and optionally, use the buttons in the Calculate IPv6 Addresses section above the table to assign IP addresses to the node for each network in which you want to include that node.

3. When you finish modifying the network IP address assignments for the node, click Update Settings at the bottom of the page.

A warning message appears asking you to confirm the changes you’ve made.

4. In the field in the message window, type YES. This is case-sensitive. 5. Click Update Settings.

Modifying a network alias

You can use the Networks > Network View page to change the name of the alias or to select a different targeted network for the alias (that is, configure the alias to point to a different

network. Note: When you click the name of a network alias in the network list, you can view the configuration settings used for the targeted network, but you cannot change them.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

87/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

1. On the Networks > Network View page, in the network list, click the name of the network alias that you want to modify. 2. Take one of these actions:

If the Settings panel opens, go to step 4.

If the IP Configuration panel opens, click the Settings tab at the top of the panel to display the Settings panel.

3. On the Settings panel, take one or both of these actions:

To change the name of the alias, edit the text in the Network Alias Name field.

To change the targeted network for the alias:

a. Select Switch targeted network.

The panel displays the Aliased Network field, showing the name of the network that the alias currently points to. b. In the Aliased Network field, select the new targeted network for the alias.

4. Click Update Settings.

A warning message appears asking you to confirm the changes you’ve made.

5. In the field in the message window, type YES. This is case-sensitive. 6. Click Update Settings.

Restarting a network

If a tagged network is enabled but traffic on it is not reaching the HCP system, the cause may be that the network interface cannot be found. In this case, both the Overview and

Networks pages in the HCP System Management Console display an alert about the condition.

To resolve this issue, you can restart the network. Restarting a network causes HCP to recreate the network interface that corresponds to the network VLAN ID.