Response body

Not applicable. Status codes

The table below describes the HTTP status codes that have specific meaning for this request.

Code

Meaning

Description

201

Created

HCP successfully copied the object. If versioning is enabled and an object with the same name already exists, HCP created a new version of the object.

304 Not Modified

One of:

A request to copy an object specified an X-HCP-Copy-Source-If-None-Match header, and the ETag of the source object matches the value in the header. A request to copy an object specified X-HCP-Copy-Source-If-Modified-Since header, and the source object change time is at or before the time specified in the header. A request to store a new version of an existing object specified an If-Modified-Since header, and the change time of the current version is at or before the time specified in the header.

400 Bad Request

The request was not valid. These are some, but not all, of the possible reasons:

The URL in the request is not well-formed.

Either the source or target namespace does not exist. The target namespace has custom metadata XML checking enabled, and the copied object includes custom metadata

that is not well-formed XML.

If the request that causes this error included an X-HCP-MetadataDirective header with the value ALL, HCP creates an empty object before it returns the error. To resolve this issue, you can either:

Fix the custom metadata, and retry the request.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

721/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Code

Meaning

Description

Copy the object again without custom metadata, thereby replacing the empty object. You can then fix the custom metadata at a later time and add it in a separate request. The X-HCP-CopySource header identifies a symbolic link to an object. The request included an If-Match or If-None-Match header and an existing target object does not yet have an ETag. The request included an X-HCP-CopySource-If-Match or X-HCP-CopySource-If-None-Match header and did not include a forceEtag query parameter, and the source object does not yet have an ETag. The request contained an unsupported query parameter or an invalid value for a query parameter.

If more information about the error is available, the HTTP response headers include the HCP-specific X-HCP-ErrorMessage header.

403 Forbidden

One of:

The Authorization header or hcp-ns-auth cookie specifies invalid credentials. The target location must be an HCP namespace within the source tenant. The target namespace requires client authentication, and the request does not include an Authorization header or h cp-ns-auth cookie. The user doesn’t have read permission in the source namespace or write permission in the target namespace. For a request to create a new version of an existing object, the object is under retention.

The access method (HTTP or HTTPS) is disabled.

If more information about the error is available, the HTTP response headers include the HCP-specific X-HCP-ErrorMessage header.

404 Not Found

One of:

The specified source object or object version does not exist.

The current version of the specified source object is a delete marker or delete record. Any component of the source or target URL except for the last component in the path is a symbolic link to a directory.

409

Conflict One of:

HCP could not store the object in the namespace because the object already exists and versioning is not enabled.

HCP could not store a new version of an existing object because another version is currently being added. HCP could not evaluate conditional headers because a version of the object is currently being added.

410 Gone

Possible reasons include:

The source object exists, but the HCP system does not have the source object data. Retry the request, targeting a

different system in the replication topology. The source object is in the process of being deleted.

412

Precondition Failed One of: