If the Settings panel opens, go to step 4.

If the IP Configuration panel opens, click the Settings tab at the top of the panel to display the Settings panel.

3. On the Settings panel, take one or both of these actions:

To change the name of the alias, edit the text in the Network Alias Name field.

To change the targeted network for the alias:

a. Select Switch targeted network.

The panel displays the Aliased Network field, showing the name of the network that the alias currently points to. b. In the Aliased Network field, select the new targeted network for the alias.

4. Click Update Settings.

A warning message appears asking you to confirm the changes you’ve made.

5. In the field in the message window, type YES. This is case-sensitive. 6. Click Update Settings.

Restarting a network

If a tagged network is enabled but traffic on it is not reaching the HCP system, the cause may be that the network interface cannot be found. In this case, both the Overview and

Networks pages in the HCP System Management Console display an alert about the condition.

To resolve this issue, you can restart the network. Restarting a network causes HCP to recreate the network interface that corresponds to the network VLAN ID.

You should not restart a network for which the network interface is functioning properly. Restarting a working network temporarily stops communications on that network from reaching HCP. Note:

Before restarting a network, ensure that the physical network is functioning properly.

1. On the Networks > Network View page, in the network list, click the name of the network that you want to restart.

2. At the bottom of the panel that opens, click Restart Network.

A warning message appears asking you to confirm the action.

3. In the field in the message window, type YES. This is case-sensitive. 4. Click Update Settings.

Deleting a network or network alias

You can delete a user-defined network or network alias only if it’s not currently selected for use for any purpose. Additionally, you cannot delete a network that is currently the target of a network alias.

You cannot delete the [hcp_system] or [hcp_backend] network.

1. On the Networks > Network View page, in the network list, click the delete control ( 2. In response to the confirming message, take one of these actions:

) for the network or network alias that you want to delete.

If you’re sure you want to delete the network or network alias, click Delete.

If you decide not to delete the network or network alias, click Cancel. Tenant administration

Tenants are the administrative entities that own and manage namespaces. When an HCP system is first installed, no tenants exist. You use the HCP System Management Console to create them as needed.

Tenant-level administrators create HCP namespaces in the Tenant Management Console. When you create the default tenant, HCP automatically creates the default namespace.

After creating a tenant, you can modify only some of its properties. You can delete a tenant only if it has no namespaces.

This section of the help contains information about:

The information displayed for tenants Creating, modifying, and deleting tenants

Accessing the Tenant Management Console for a tenant Resetting tenant security (HCP tenants only)

Changing the product branding that’s exposed to tenants Selecting the protocol optimization option you want for the tenant About the Tenants page

To view, create, and manage tenants, you use the Tenants page in the HCP System Management Console. To display this page, in the top-level menu, click Tenants.

The Create Tenant bar on the Tenants page shows:

The total amount of storage currently used by all namespaces in the HCP system

The total amount of storage still available out of the total storage capacity for the HCP system

The Tenants page also lists the existing tenants.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

88/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Note: To view the Tenants page, you need the monitor or administrator role.

Understanding the tenant list