5. If HCP is configured to support AD, in the Domain field, select the applicable domain your user account:

If you’re using an HCP user account, select the domain name of the HCP system. If you’re using a recognized AD user account, select the AD domain in which your user account is defined.

If HCP is not configured to support AD, the login page does not display the Domain field.

6. Click Log In.

The Console displays the Overview page or, if you’re using an HCP user account and are required to change your password, the Change Password page.

During system startup, you can log into the System Management Console before startup processing is complete. However, until more than half of the nodes have completed

their startup processing, the Console displays only the Hardware page.

The Console automatically switches to the Overview page or Change Password page, as applicable, when the required number of nodes is available. Using the System Management Console

System Management Console pages display information about the HCP system. Some pages also let you configure various aspects of the system.

Console pages have menus and hyperlinks for navigation. Each page shows a horizontal menu at the top. Some of the menu options display a secondary menu when you hover your cursor over them. To navigate to a page, you click the corresponding menu option.

You can also use shortcut keys to navigate to pages in the System Management Console. Each link that has a shortcut key has the applicable letter underlined. To use the shortcut

key, follow the convention for the browser you’re using.

Each page of the System Management Console shows the username of the currently logged-in user in the upper right corner. Note:

If you’re an AD user and your username changes in AD while you’re using the System Management Console, the Console may not reflect the new username until you log out and

back in. If you’re currently using any other HCP interfaces, you need to log out of those as well. Alternatively, you can force the Console to reflect the new username immediately by

clearing the AD cache.

While the system is experiencing a heavy load, the System Management Console may be slower to present certain information.

If the HCP system restarts while you’re using the System Management Console, clicking any menu option, hyperlink, or button causes the Console to display the Hardware page.

The Console automatically switches to the Overview page when the system becomes available again.

Refreshing pages

System Management Console pages do not automatically refresh themselves while they remain open. To see the most recent values on a page, click again on the menu option that opens that page.

Note: Using the browser reload button to refresh a page that lets you create or modify an entity causes the Console to resubmit values you previously entered on the page.

Submitting changes

Most System Management Console pages and panels on which you can modify information have action buttons (such as Update Settings and Create Tenant) that submit your

changes. Action buttons make the changes on a page permanent. These changes take effect immediately.

You need to submit the changes you make before switching to a different page or panel. If you switch without submitting your changes, the Console does not retain them.

For some checkbox options, selecting or deselecting the checkbox causes that change to take effect immediately.

After you submit changes, the Console displays a message indicating whether HCP successfully made the changes. To hide the message, click Dismiss in the message area.

Changing your password Depending on how your HCP user account is set up, HCP might authenticate your username and password locally or remotely when you log in. If your account is set up for local authentication, you can change your password in the System Management Console. When you change your password in this Console, it also changes for any other HCP interfaces

to which your user account gives you access.

If your account is set up for remote authentication or if you use an AD user account to access the Console, you use a method outside HCP to change your password.

The next procedure describes how to change your locally authenticated password using the System Management Console.

1. Log into the System Management Console using your existing password.

2. In the top right corner of the Console window, click Password. 3. On the Change Password page: a. In the Existing password field, type your current password.