Specifies the hostname for the request. The host name identifies either a tenant or a bucket. For a tenant, use this format:

tenant-name.hcp-domain-name

For a bucket, use this format:

bucket-name.tenant-name.hcp-domain-name

x-amz-date

Specifies the date and time at which the request is being made according to the requester. Normally, this is the current date and time. For the valid values for this header, see the description of the Date header above. Optional headers

If-Match

Specifies a value for comparison with the ETag of the most recent version of the object specified in the request. If the specified value matches the Etag, HCP continues processing the request. If the specified value doesn't match the Etag or the specified object doesn't exist, HCP returns an error response body and does not complete the multipart upload. The value of this header can be any string of one or more characters. x-hcp-pretty-print

Optionally, requests that the XML response body be formatted for readability. Valid values are:

true

Format the XML response body for readability.

false

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

653/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Do not apply any special formatting to the XML response body.

The default is false. The values true and false are not case sensitive. x-hcp-labelretentionhold

Specifies whether to place one or more labeled holds on the object and the associated labeled hold IDs. The values passed with this header are in a JSON format string containing one or more id and hold value pairs.

id

Unique label name. The maximum label size is 64 characters. hold

Either true or false.

Example

Place two labeled holds on the object.

x-hcp-labelretentionhold [{"id":"UniqueLabelHold-1","hold":true}, {"id":"UniqueLabelHold-2","hold":true}]

x-hcp-retention

Specifies the retention value for the object being stored. This value can be a fixed date, an offset, a retention class, or a special value. x-hcp-retentionhold

Specifies whether the object is on hold. This value can be either true or false.

Request body

The next list describes the XML elements in a complete multipart upload request body. The elements are listed in alphabetical order.

CompleteMultipartUpload

Root element. This must be the first element in the complete multipart upload request body. The CompleteMultipartUpload element can optionally include this XML namespace specification: xmlns="http://s3.amazonaws.com/doc/2006-03-01/"

ETag

Child of the Part element. The ETag element specifies the ETag of the applicable part.

Part

Child of the CompleteMultipartUpload element and container for the elements that describe a part. The Part element identifies a part that has been uploaded for the multipart upload. PartNumber

Child of the Part element. The PartNumber element specifies the part number of the applicable part.

Response headers

The list below describes the headers returned in response to a successful request to complete a multipart upload.

Content-Type

Specifies the Internet media type of the response body. For a request to complete a multipart upload, the value of this header is always application/xml;charset=UTF-8. Date

The date and time when HCP responded to the request, in Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). The date and time are returned in this format:

DDD dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss GMT

For example:

Fri, 18 Sep 2020 14:27:05 GMT

x-amz-server-side-encryption

Specifies whether objects stored in HCP are encrypted. Possible values are:

If objects are encrypted, AES256 If objects are not encrypted, None

This header is returned only if the request headers include x-amz-server-side-encryption. x-amz-version-id

Specifies the version ID of the object. This header is returned only while versioning is enabled for the bucket.

Response body