To learn the valid operations on a content property, select the property on the Structured Query page and the middle dropdown list will show the operations you can use.

Performing an advanced search

1. In the Search Console, click the Advanced Search tab.

While the metadata query engine is active, the Advanced Search tab is called the Advanced Query tab and the Search button is called the Query button.

2. In the entry field on the Advanced Search page, type the query for your search.

3. Click Search.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

905/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help While you’re working on a query specification, you can click Reset to return to the most recently submitted query.

Working with saved queries

The HCP Search Console lets you save the queries you create so you can run them again at any time. Saving a query saves the criteria only, not the search results. Each time you run a saved query, you get a new set of returned objects.

You can publish a feed for a saved query. The feed makes regularly updated query results available to users of the web site where it’s published.

This chapter provides instructions for saving queries and then viewing, running, editing, deleting, and publishing feeds for them.

Saving a query

You can save all three types of queries: simple, structured, and advanced. Queries you save while one search facility is active are not available while another facility is active.

1. On the Simple Search, Structured Search, or Advanced Search page, specify the query criteria. 2. Click Search. 3. (Optional) Select filters to apply to the query results.

The filters you apply to the search results are saved along with the query.

4. In the save as field, type a name for the query.

Query names must be from one through 500 characters long and cannot contain single quotation marks ('), double quotation marks ("), or backslashes (\). Certain strings that are used internally by HCP are reserved and cannot be used as names as saved queries.

5. If a query doesn’t return any objects, a field labeled Save this query as appears below the search criteria on the Search Results page. 6. Click Save.

Viewing saved queries

When you save a query, the Search Console lists it on the Saved Queries page. From this page, you can run, edit, or delete the query, as well as publish it as a feed.

Running a saved query

1. Click the Saved Queries tab.

2. On the Saved Queries page, click the run control (

) for the query you want to run. The Search Results page for a saved query shows the name of the query.

Note: When you run a saved query, the save as field on the Search Results page shows the name of that query. If you edit the query and then click Save without changing the query name, the modified query overwrites the previous version.

Editing a saved query

1. Click the Saved Queries tab.

2. On the Saved Queries page, click the edit control (

) for the query you want to edit.

The Console displays the page on which the query was created. For example, if you created a query for a simple search, the Console displays the Simple Search page.

3. Change the query criteria as needed.

4. Click Query to run the updated query.

Note: When you deselect a filter, the query runs automatically.

5. To display the save as field, click Search. 6. In the save as field, type a name for the edited query.

7. Click Save.

Publishing a feed for a saved query

You can publish both RSS and Atom feeds for saved queries. 1. Click the Saved Queries tab.

2. On the Saved Queries page, click the RSS ( ) or Atom (

) control for the query for which you want to create the feed.

The window displays a browser-specific page for publishing a feed. 3. Use the browser-specific procedure to publish the feed for the query.

Deleting a saved query

1. Click the Saved Queries tab.