In Use

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

67/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Whether any buckets, containers, or mount points associated with the component are assigned to a storage pool. A green checkmark indicates that the component includes items that are assigned to a pool.

Alerts

If an issue exists with the component, either a warning icon ( ) or an error icon (

), depending on the severity of the issue.

If the problem is with the storage network associated with the component, the page also displays an icon that indicates the type of problem.

To view text describing the condition that's causing an alert, hover over the alert icon.

Understanding component and pool details for primary storage

The details pages for the primary running storage component or pool and the primary spindown storage component or pool show overall usage statistics for the applicable

component or pool. You can display one of these pages.

1. In the top-level menu of the HCP System Management Console, click Storage. 2. On the left side of the Storage page, click Components or Pools, as applicable.

3. In the list of components or pools, click Primary running or Primary spindown, as applicable. The details page for a primary storage component or pool has a single panel, Overview. The Usage Statistics graph in this panel shows the total storage capacity and amount of

used storage for primary running storage or primary spindown storage, as applicable, during the past 30 days (or since HCP was installed if that was less than 30 days ago).

The x-axis in the Usage Statistics graph marks the passage of time. The y-axis measures the storage in gigabytes, terabytes, or petabytes, depending on the storage capacity. As the total storage capacity increases, the intervals on the y-axis get larger. The graph heading indicates the current measurement unit (gigabytes (GB), terabytes (TB), or petabytes

(PB)). The legend below the Usage Statistics graph shows:

The total storage capacity of the applicable type, excluding the space required for system overhead and the operating system, as applicable. The amount of used storage of the applicable type.

The used storage value is the total amount of storage occupied by object data, system and custom metadata, the metadata query engine index, and any redundant data required to satisfy data protection level and metadata protection level settings in service plans.

Used storage includes storage occupied by the parts of in-progress multipart uploads that have already been written to the repository. Used storage does not include storage

occupied by replaced parts of multipart uploads, parts uploaded for aborted multipart uploads, or unused parts of completed multipart uploads.

The number of logical volumes of the applicable type that are defined on the HCP system.

Understanding component details for HCP S Series and extended storage The details page for an HCP S Series or extended storage component lets you view and modify information about that component. You can display this page for a component.

1. In the top-level menu of the HCP System Management Console, click Storage.

2. On the left side of the Storage page, click Components. 3. In the component list, click the HCP S Series or extended storage component you want.

The details page for HCP S Series and extended storage components has five tabs: Overview

Displays read and write information for the component.

Settings

Displays the basic settings for the component and lets you change some of them.

Buckets, Containers, or Mount Points

Has two subtabs:

Buckets, Containers, or Mount Points

Lists the buckets, containers, or mount points included in the component and shows usage information for each item. This tab also lets you add items of the applicable type to the component and remove existing items of the applicable type from the component. Accounts

Lists the accounts associated with the component and shows usage information for each account. This tab also lets you associate additional accounts with the

component and remove existing accounts from the component.

The Accounts tab is not present for NFS storage components.

Manage

Lets you pause, resume, delete, or abandon the component. Advanced

Shows the advanced settings for the component and lets you change them.

HCP S Series and extended storage component reads and writes