To view the Syslog page, you need the monitor, administrator, security, or compliance role. To configure syslog logging and test the connections to syslog servers, you need the administrator or security role.

1. On the Syslog page, click Test.

HCP sends this message to the syslog servers:

User username sent system log test message.

2. Check each syslog server to ensure that the message arrived.

If a syslog server doesn’t receive the message:

Check that you’ve correctly specified the target IP address.

Check that you can successfully ping the target IP address. If you’re unable to determine the cause of the problem, contact your authorized HCP service provider for help. HCP system log messages

HCP maintains a log that records messages about system events. The following table lists each possible event, provides an explanation of the event and a recommended action plan, and categorizes the event severity. The events are listed in ascending order by ID.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

145/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

ID

Event

Explanation

Action

1000

HCP started

The HCP system started.

No action is required.

1001

HCP shutting down

The HCP system is shutting down.

If any nodes do not power off automatically, wait a few minutes and then power them off manually.

1002

Node started

A node started.

No action is required.

1003

Node shut down

A node shut down.

If this event is unexpected and the node does not restart automatically, contact your authorized service provider. Do not try to restart the node manually, as that may cause the loss of information needed to diagnose the problem.

1004

Volume started

A logical volume came online.

No action is required.

1005

Volume shut down

A logical volume went offline.

Contact your authorized service provider.

1006

Volume failure

A logical volume failed.

Contact your authorized service provider.

1007

Node removed

A node has been permanently removed from the HCP system.

No action is required.

1008 Time sync problem

The internal clock on a node is out of sync with the clocks on the nodes in the rest of the HCP system.

If the problem persists, contact your authorized service provider.

1009

Node added

A new node has been added to the HCP system. No action is required.

1010

Previously removed node re-added

A node that was removed from the system has been powered on again.

Remove the node again.

1012 Metadata DPL is 1

The system was configured with metadata DPL 1. No action is required.

1013

Failover

A node in a cross-mapped pair failed. The other node has taken over management of the logical volumes previously managed by the failed node.

If the failed node does not restart automatically, contact your authorized service provider. Do not try to restart the node manually, as that may cause the loss of information needed to diagnose the problem.

1014

HCP rebooting

The HCP system is restarting.

No action is required.

1015 Failover

A node in a cross-mapped pair failed. The other node will take over management of the logical

If the failed node does not restart automatically, contact your authorized service provider. Do not

volumes previously managed by the failed node.

try to restart the node manually, as that may cause the loss of information needed to diagnose the problem.

1016

Volume recovered

A logical volume recovered.

No action is required.

1017 Node down for an extended amount of time

A node has been unavailable for an extended amount of time.

Contact your authorized service provider.

1018

HCP is read-only

The HCP system has become read-only due to

Contact your authorized service provider.

metadata unavailability. Configuration changes and changes to namespace content are not allowed. Services have been suspended.

1019

HCP is no longer read-