A telephone number extension for the tenant contact. Telephone number extensions can contain only numbers and can be up to five

characters long.

Address Line 1

The first line of an address for the tenant contact. Address lines can be up to 100 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8 characters, including white space. Address Line

The second line of an address for the tenant contact.

2

City

The city for the tenant contact. City names can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8 characters, including white space.

State/Province The state or province for the tenant contact. State and province names can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8

characters, including white space. Postal Code

The postal code for the tenant contact. Postal codes can be up to 64 characters long and can contain only alphanumeric characters and hyphens (-).

Country

The country for the tenant contact. Country names can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8 characters, including white space. l. Optionally, associate tags with the tenant:

i. Click Tags. ii. For each tag you want to associate with the tenant:

1. In the field in the Tags section, type a text string to be used as a tag. Tags must be from one through 64 characters long, can contain any valid UTF-8

characters except commas (,), and are not case sensitive. White space is allowed.

2. Click Add Tag.

To remove a new tag, click the delete control ( ) for the tag.

m. Optionally, select Replication to allow the tenant to be replicated. This option is present only if the HCP system supports replication.

If you select Replication, take one of these actions:

To have all cloud-optimized namespaces that the tenant owns allow erasure coding, select All cloud-optimized namespaces. To allow tenant administrators to choose which cloud-optimized namespaces allow, select Selected namespaces.

n. Optionally, select Retention Mode Selection to allow tenant administrators to select the retention mode for the namespaces that the tenant owns. o. Optionally, select Search to allow tenant administrators to enable search for the namespaces that the tenant owns. p. Take one of these actions: To allow tenant administrators to associate service plans with the namespaces that the tenant owns, select Service Plan Selection. To associate a service plan with the tenant, leave Service Plan Selection unselected. Then either type the name of an existing service plan in the

accompanying field or click the arrow control (

) for the field. If you click the arrow control:

i. In the Service Plans window, select the service plan that you want to assign to the tenant. ii. Click Apply Service Plan.

q. Optionally, select Versioning to allow tenant administrators to enable versioning for the namespaces that the tenant owns.

4. Click Create Tenant.

Creating the default tenant and namespace

You create the default tenant and namespace in a single operation in the HCP System Management Console. The name of the default tenant is always Default. Similarly, the name

of the default namespace is always Default.

You can create the default tenant and namespace only if allowed to do so by the HCP system configuration. Default tenant and namespace properties

When creating the default tenant and namespace, you specify:

Optionally, a description of the tenant. For example, you can use a description to specify the purpose of the tenant.

You can change this description at any time after you create the tenant and namespace.

Optionally, contact information for the tenant. For example, you can specify contact information for the primary person responsible for administering the default tenant and namespace.

You can change this information at any time after you create the tenant and namespace. You can change it either from the System Management Console or from the Tenant Management Console for the default tenant.

The cryptographic hash algorithm used to calculate the hash value for each object in the namespace. After creating the tenant and namespace, you cannot change the hash algorithm. The retention mode for the namespace — either enterprise or compliance. Tenant administrators can use the Tenant Management Console to change this setting from enterprise to compliance. However, they cannot do the reverse. Whether the namespace is search-enabled. Tenant administrators can use the Tenant Management Console to change this setting at any time.

The service plan for the namespace. Tenant administrators can change use the Tenant Management Console to change this setting at any time. Default tenant and namespace creation procedure