3. Click Prepare Internal Logs.

HCP prepares the logs for downloading. During this process, in the Download Internal Logs panel, the active Prepare Internal Logs button changes to a grayed-out Download Internal Logs button, and the panel displays the Preparation Status table, which lists the nodes in the HCP system in numeric order (by node number), and reports on the status of the log preparation process on each node. You do not need to remain on the Internal Logs page during the log preparation process. Note: HCP can perform only one log preparation operation at a time. When HCP finishes preparing the logs, the node and S Series Node Preparation Status tables show the status of each node in the HCP system, and the checkboxes at the end of each row become selectable. Tip: If you want to prepare the logs again before you download them (for example, to prepare the logs for a different time period), click Cancel to reactivate the Prepare Internal Logs button.

4. In the Choose type of log for download panel, select the type or types of logs you want to download. The possible log types are:

Access: These logs capture all user requests related to the HTTP-based APIs (REST, S3 compatible, MAPI), such as object GET, PUT, and DELETE requests. System State: These logs capture the current state of the HCP operating system and application states and provide useful information for diagnosing issues related to node restarts and unexpected service behaviors. Service Procedure: These logs capture information about service procedures performed on HCP such as the add node procedure, upgrade procedure, or add LUN procedure. HCP Software: These logs collect information about HCP software not listed in the other log types.

5. In the General Node Preparation Status panel, select the General Nodes you want to download logs for. 6. (Optional) if you have HCP S Series Nodes in your system, in the S Series Node Preparation Status panel, select the S Series Nodes you want to download logs for. 7. (Optional) Insert a message into the logs before downloading them: a. Click Mark Internal Logs to expand that section on the page. b. In the Insert this message into the internal logs field, type a message to be inserted into the logs before they’re downloaded and to be included in the manifest that accompanies the downloaded logs. This text can be up to 1,024 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space. 8. In the Download Internal Logs section, use the checkboxes in the last column in the Preparation Status table to select the nodes for which you want to download the internal

logs: Note: By default, all nodes for which the logs were successfully prepared are automatically selected.

9. When you finish selecting the nodes for which you want to download the internal logs, click Download Internal Logs.

HCP downloads the logs from the selected nodes and creates a .zip file that contains all of the internal logs for those nodes. For each selected node, HCP reports the progress of the log download in the Download Internal Logs panel. You do not need to remain on the Internal Logs page during this process

10. When prompted, save the .zip file containing the downloaded logs in the location of your choice.

Note: If the System Management Console session times out due to inactivity before the prompt to save the file appears, the download fails. If this happens, increase the inactivity timeout interval; then try the download again..

11. Take one of these actions:

To create another .zip file that contains the internal logs you just generated for any or all of the HCP storage nodes, repeat Step 4 through Step 7 above. Note: You can perform any number of log download procedures for the time frame that you selected in Step 2, and you can download these logs for each node any number of times. If you’re finished downloading all of the internal logs you need, or if you need to prepare the logs again before downloading any additional logs, click Cancel.

The Internal Logs page displays a success message and collapses the Mark Internal Logs and Download Internal Logs panels on the page. System Management Console Alerts

The HCP System Management Console uses icons with hover text, called alerts, to provide high-level health status reports for specific elements of the HCP system and to identify problems that need your attention.

System Management Console alerts are displayed on the Overview, Hardware, Storage Node, Storage, Networks, Tenants, Domains and Certificates, and Authentication pages.