You can change the number of namespaces shown at a time on the Namespaces page. To do this, in the Items per page field, select the number of namespaces you want. The options are 10, 20, and 50.

To page forward or backward through the namespace list, click the next (

) or back (

) control, respectively.

1. In the Page field, type the page number you want. 2. Press Enter. Sorting

You can sort the namespace list in ascending or descending order by namespace name or by hard quota. To sort the list, click the column heading for the property you want to sort

by. Each time you click the column heading, the sort order switches between ascending and descending.

Filter using filter fields

You can filter the namespace list by namespace name or tag. The filtered list includes only those namespaces with a name or tag, as applicable, that begins with a specified text string.

You can filter the namespace list by name or by tag by using the fields above the list.

1. In the field above the Name column, select Name to filter by name or Tag to filter by tag.

2. In the next field, type the text string you want to use as a filter.

This string can be up to 64 characters long, can contain any valid UTF-8 characters except commas (,), and is not case sensitive. White space is allowed.

3. Click the find control (

).

To redisplay the entire list of namespaces after filtering it, click the clear filter control (

).

Filter using tag control

1. Click the tag control ( ) on the right above the namespace list.

The Tags window opens. This window lists all the tags currently associated with the existing namespaces owned by the current tenant. For each tag, the window shows the number of associated namespaces.

2. Click the tenant-count icon (

) for the tag you want.

The namespace list shows only the namespaces that have the selected tag, and the fields above the Name column show the filter criteria.

Viewing namespace statistics and description

1. In the Namespace Browser menu bar, click Namespaces to open the list of accessible namespaces.

2. Click the row for the namespace you want.

The Overview panel for the namespace opens. In this panel, if a description has been specified for the namespace, the description appears below the namespace statistics. Namespace statistics

Total Capacity (Bytes)

The number of bytes of storage allocated to the namespace. This is the total space available for all data stored in the namespace, including object data, metadata, and the redundant data required to satisfy the namespace DPL.

Used Capacity (Bytes)

The number of bytes currently occupied by all data stored in the namespace, including object data, metadata, and any redundant data required to satisfy the namespace

DPL. Soft Quota

The percentage of the Total Capacity value at which HCP notifies the tenant that free storage space for the namespace is running low.

Object Count

The number of objects, including old versions of objects, stored in the namespace. Each multipart object counts as a single object. Objects that are in the process of being created by multipart uploads are not included in the object count.

The object count does not include object versions that are delete markers or delete records. Shred Object/Part Count

The total number of these items waiting to be shredded: objects, old versions of objects, parts of multipart objects, parts of old multipart versions of objects, replaced parts of multipart uploads, parts of aborted multipart uploads, unused parts of completed multipart uploads, and transient parts created during the processing of certain multipart upload operations.

Shred Object/Part Size

The total number of bytes of object, object version, and part data and metadata waiting to be shredded.

Custom Metadata Object Count

The number of objects and object versions that have one or more annotations.

Custom Metadata Size

The number of bytes occupied by all annotations for all objects and object versions.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

807/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Viewing permissions

View the permissions for the namespace and the current user.