Changing your password

Depending on how your user account is set up, HCP might authenticate your username and password locally or remotely when you log in. If your account is set up for local authentication, you can change your password in the Tenant Management Console. When you change your password in this Console, it also changes for any other HCP interfaces to which your user account gives you access.

If your account is set up for remote authentication or if you use an AD user account to access the Console, you use a method outside HCP to change your password. The next procedure describes how to change your password using the Tenant Management Console.

1. Log into the Tenant Management Console using your existing password. 2. In the top right corner of the Console window, click Password.

3. On the Change Password page:

a. In the Existing Password field, type your current password. b. In the New Password field, type your new password.

Passwords can be up to 64 characters long, are case sensitive, and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters including white space. To be valid, a password must include at least one character from two of these three groups: alphabetic, numeric, and other. When changing your password, you cannot reuse your current password.

c. In the Confirm New Password field, type your new password again.

4. Click Update Password.

Logging out 1. In the top right corner of the Tenant Management Console window, click Log Out. 2. If you explicitly logged in, close the browser window to ensure that other users cannot go back into the Tenant Management Console using the credentials you used to log in. Tip: For extra security, clear the browser cache before closing the window. Administrative responsibilities

You perform tenant-level administrative tasks by using the HCP Tenant Management Console.

Managing user and group accounts

HCP user and group accounts determine whether you can log into the HCP Tenant Management Console or Search Console and which operations you can perform in namespaces. For the Tenant Management Console, they also determine which actions you’re allowed to perform after logging in.

You use the Tenant Management Console to create, modify, and delete user and group accounts. For each HCP user account, you specify whether it is authenticated locally or by

RADIUS.

You also use the Tenant Management Console to configure login settings for the Console as a whole.

Maintaining the tenant

HCP system-level administrators create tenants and maintain certain aspects of their configuration. Other aspects of tenant configuration are maintained at the tenant level.

As a tenant administrator, you are responsible for configuring: Tenant contact information The tenant description The tenant permission mask System-level administrative access to the tenant Access to the Tenant Management Console Access to HCP through the management API Access to the Search Console for the tenant

You are also responsible for creating and managing content classes and content properties for the tenant.

Creating and maintaining namespaces

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

249/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

As a tenant administrator, you are responsible for creating and maintaining namespaces. After creating a namespace, you can change most of its properties. You are also responsible for managing search and indexing for the namespace.

In addition to creating and modifying namespaces, you can delete them, but only if they don’t contain any objects.

Note: Users with the allow namespace management property can use the HCP management and S3 compatible APIs to create, view and change the versioning status of, and delete namespaces.

Monitoring the tenant and namespaces HCP is a self-monitoring, self-healing system that automatically alerts you to any issues you may need to address, for example, a namespace running low on space. The Tenant Management Console enables you to review tenant and namespace activity and take action to address certain issues. Using the Console, you can view:

Statistics and graphs showing namespace usage. Messages about tenant and namespace events, for example, configuration changes and searches performed from the Search Console. Messages about security events, for example, attempts to log into the Tenant Management Console with an invalid username. Messages about compliance events, for example, retention class activity and privileged delete operations. Reports of irreparable objects. Alerts warning you of conditions that may need your attention. The progress of replication activity.