If you shut down HCP while objects are being stored, the repository may then contain incomplete objects. Therefore, if possible, before shutting down HCP, you should notify all

tenant administrators about the upcoming shutdown. The tenant administrators can then notify namespace users to suspend all client activity before the shutdown occurs.

If you take an entire HCP with SAN-attached storage system offline, including the storage system, you need to power the storage system and, if applicable, the Fibre Channel

switches back on before powering on the nodes.

To shut down or restart the HCP system, you need the administrator or service role.

1. In the top-level menu of the System Management Console, click Hardware.

2. At the top of the Hardware page, click Shut Down. The Shut Down System window appears.

3. In the Reason field, type the reason why you’re shutting down the system. This text can be up to 1,024 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including

white space.

4. Click Shut Down System.

The nodes shut down HCP and, if possible, power off.

If HCP doesn’t shut down, contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Restarting HCP

Restarting an HCP system causes all the nodes in it to reboot.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

28/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

To shut down or restart the HCP system, you need the administrator or service role.

1. In the top-level menu of the System Management Console, click Hardware.

2. At the top of the Hardware page, click Restart. The Restart System window appears.

3. In the Reason field, type the reason why you’re restarting the system. This text can be up to 1,024 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including

white space.

4. Click Restart System.

Hardware administration

The System Management Console offers both a summary view of all the nodes in the HCP system and a detailed view of each node on the Hardware and Storage Node pages,

respectively. The Hardware page also provides a view of other hardware components used in the system. Using these pages, you can monitor both system hardware and system storage.

This section of the help:

Describes the information available on the Hardware and Storage Node pages

Explains how to interpret this information to make informed decisions about hardware management

Contains instructions for shutting down and restarting individual nodes

About the Hardware page

The Hardware page of the HCP System Management Console lists all the nodes in the HCP system, including HCP S Series Nodes, and provides general information about each one.

The Hardware page also shows the status of all other hardware components of the HCP system that can be monitored in the System Management Console.

To display the Hardware page, click Hardware in the top-level menu.

Note:

To view the Hardware page, you need the monitor, administrator, security, service, or compliance role. About the Nodes page

The Hardware > Nodes page lists all the HCP General Nodes and HCP S Series Nodes in the HCP system. General Nodes remain listed on this page regardless of whether they

are running, starting up, stopping, or not running. Nodes that have been permanently removed from the system are not displayed in the list.

For each node in the HCP system, the General Node list on the Hardware > Nodes page shows: Node ID

The unique number assigned to the node.

Model

The type of node. Possible models are:

G11

A Hitachi Advanced Server DS220 that can exist in a HCP with internal storage or HCP with SAN-attached storage system

G10

A Hitachi Advanced Server that is the predecessor to the HCP G11. A HCP G10 can exist in a HCP with internal storage or HCP with SAN-attached storage system. VM

A server running a HCP VM system

Status

The node status. Possible values are:

Available

The node is running.

Unavailable