The object is marked for indexing.

The object has one or more annotations. Clicking this icon displays a list of annotations. You can then click the name of an annotation to view its contents.

The object has an ACL. Click this icon to view the ACL. DPL

The data protection level.

Hash (algorithm-name)

Hash information for the object. Move the hover over the View Hash link to display the hash value. You can then highlight the value and copy it to the clipboard.

By default, when you click an object or custom metadata icon in the Namespace Browser, the object content or custom metadata is displayed in the browser window, if possible. If

the object content or custom metadata contains a script that can be executed by that browser, that script is executed. If this is an issue for you, ask your tenant administrator about

having the display behavior changed.

Tip: You can use the view-source option in the web browser to see the XML for the Namespace Browser page.

Showing and hiding deleted objects and directories

By default, the directory listing does not include deleted objects, directories, or symbolic links. If the namespace has versioning enabled, you can show or hide deleted items by clicking the link that says Show deleted objects (if deleted objects are not being shown) or Hide deleted objects (if they are being shown).

When you show deleted items, you can click a deleted directory to view the list of objects, subdirectories, and symbolic links that it contained. All items in a deleted directory are also deleted. Deleted items are visible until HCP removes them from the system.

Listing object versions

To view a list of the versions of an object, browse to the directory that contains the object and click the version icon (

) for the object. If the directory listing includes deleted

objects, you can list the versions of the deleted objects.

All version listing pages have a parent directory icon (

) in the upper left next to the object path. Click this icon to display the directory that contains the object whose versions are

listed. Version history list

The version history list shows all versions of an object that remain in the namespace.

The Namespace Browser displays up to 100 entries at a time. If an object has more than 100 versions, you can use the Previous and Next buttons to page through all the versions.

If the list displays delete record, they appear in gray text. In a row for a delete record, the Version and Ingested columns show information for the delete record (that is, the deletion

record). All other columns show information about the version that was deleted.

Click any column heading to sort the list by the column values. Clicking a heading alternately sorts in ascending and descending order.

The list below describes the information displayed for each item in the version list. Type icon

An icon indicating the version type:

Normal version. Click this icon to view or retrieve this version.

Delete record. This icon is inactive.

Version

The version ID. Click this entry to view or retrieve this version. If the entry represents a delete record, the ID is inactive.

Owner

The user that owns the object, if any. Domain

If the object is owned by an Active Directory user, the AD domain in which the user account for the object owner is defined.

Size

The object size, in bytes.

Retention

The retention setting as a date and time or as a special value such as Deletion Allowed.

Retention Class

The retention class name, if any. Ingested

One of:

For object versions, the date and time the version was added to the namespace. For delete record, the date and time the object was deleted.

Metadata

A representation of the state of the metadata for the version:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

805/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The object is on hold. All versions of an object have the same hold setting.

The version will be shredded when it is deleted.

The version is marked for indexing.

The version has one or more annotations. Clicking this icon displays a list of the annotations. You can then click the name of an annotation to view its contents.