access points is contained in a storage pool that is included in at least one storage tier that is defined for a namespace by its service plan.

Creating an extended storage pool

Use the Create Pool wizard on the Storage page to create and configure an extended storage pool.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

52/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help Each time you use the Storage page to access the Create Pool wizard, you are prompted to select the type of extended storage pool that you want to create. The System Management Console then dynamically builds the pages in the Create Pool wizard to present only the fields you need to use to configure HCP to access and use the specified type of extended storage pool.

1. On the left side of the Storage page, click the Pools tab. 2. On the Pools panel, click Create Pool. The Get Started wizard opens.

3. In the Get Started wizard, click the arrow to display a list of supported extended storage pools, and select the type of pool that you want to create. Note:

To create a ThinkOn cloud storage pool, select ThinkOn as the type of pool to configure. Then follow the same procedure as you do to configure other S3 compatible storage pools.

4. Click Go.

The Get Started wizard exits and the System Management Console opens the Create Pool wizard for the type of extended storage pool that you selected.

5. Use the fields on each page of the Create Pool wizard to specify the extended storage component access points that you want to include in the pool:

To create an Amazon S3 storage pool, specify the configuration information that is described in Amazon S3 and S3 compatible storage pools. Then return to this procedure.

To create a Google Cloud storage pool, specify the configuration information that is described in Google Cloud storage pools. Then return to this procedure. To create a Microsoft Azure storage pool, specify the configuration information that is described in Microsoft Azure storage pools. Then return to this procedure. To create a S3 compatible storage pool, including a ThinkOn cloud storage pool, specify the configuration information that is described in S3 compatible storage pools. Then return to this procedure.

To create an NFS storage pool, specify the configuration information that is described in NFS storage pools. Then return to this procedure.

6. Click Next to save the information you entered and advance to the last page of the wizard. 7. On the Review page, take one of these actions:

If the extended storage pool configuration information that you entered is correct, click Finish at the bottom of the page.

If the extended storage pool configuration information is not correct, use the Previous and Next buttons at the bottom of each page to navigate through the pages in

the wizard and change any settings that are not correct.

8. When you are finished making changes to the storage pool configuration settings, navigate to the Review page and click Finish. The wizard closes. The System Management Console displays the Pools panel on the Storage page. This panel displays a list of all of the primary storage pools and

extended storage pools that exist on the HCP system and provides information about the current status of each pool, including the one you just created.

You created and configured the extended storage pool.

Each extended storage pool provides HCP with the information it needs to access and use the storage that is represented by that pool. However, HCP can use the storage that is represented by a given pool only if it is included in at least one storage tier that is defined for a namespace by its service plan. Amazon S3 and S3 compatible storage pools

Each Amazon S3 or S3 compatible storage pool contains one or more buckets that are associated with specific Amazon S3 or S3 compatible storage components. Each storage

pool includes all of the storage that is allocated to all of the buckets in the pool.

To enable HCP to access the storage that is represented by the storage pool, you specify the following information when you create the component:

The storage pool name. Optionally, a description of the pool. Whether you want HCP to compress object data that’s stored on the storage that’s allocated to the buckets in the storage pool.

Whether you want HCP to encrypt object data that’s stored on the storage that’s allocated to the buckets in the storage pool. If encryption is disabled for the system, this option is not visible.