officer

Search terms: +chief +executive -officer Search results: Objects that

contain both chief AND executive and do NOT contain officer

Search terms: chief executive -officer Search results: Objects that contain both chief AND executive and do NOT contain officer Examples of simple searches

Example: Search for any of four terms

To search for any of the terms Europe, accounting, report, 2011, select Any of these words as the comparison type and enter this in the text field:

Europe accounting report 2011

Example: Search for any of two wildcarded terms

To search for any terms beginning with prod or doc, select Any of these words as the comparison type and enter this in the text field: prod* doc*

Each term is wildcarded in order to find objects in which it occurs either as a whole word or as the beginning of a word, such as in product, produces, documents, or documentation.

Example: Search for all of three terms — one wildcarded, two not

To search for both of the terms development and slides and also terms beginning with present, select All of these words as the comparison type and enter this in the text field: development present* slides

The second term is wildcarded in order to find objects in which it occurs either as a whole word or as the beginning of a word, such as in presentation or presenter.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

882/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Example: Search for an exact multiword term

To search for the exact term chief financial officer, select This exact phrase as the comparison type and enter this in the text field: chief financial officer

Example: Search for all of two terms — one included, one excluded

To search for image but not x-ray, select All of these words as the comparison type and enter this in the text field:

+image -''x-ray''

Example: Search for an exact object name

To search for the object named Q1_2012.pdf, select This exact phrase as the comparison type and enter this in the text field:

Q1_2012.pdf

Performing a simple search

1. In the Search Console, click the Simple Search tab.

Note: When the metadata query engine is active, the Simple Search tab is the Simple Query tab and the Search button is the Query button.

2. In the dropdown list on the Simple Search page, select the kind of results you want: Any of these words

All of these words

This exact phrase

3. In the text entry field, type the terms you want to search for.

4. Click Search.

The Console displays the Search Results page.

Working with search results

The Search Results page shows the list of objects returned for a query. For each object, this page shows specific metadata.

Note: While the metadata query engine is active, the Search Results page is called the Query Results page. About search results

The HCP Search Console uses the Search Results page to list the objects that satisfy the criteria you specify for a search. This page has four areas of information:

The criteria you specified for the query. Options for working with the search results.

Filters for refining the search results.

The list of returned objects. The objects are numbered for ease of reference.

Note: Under certain circumstances, the results of a search may be incomplete. To indicate this, the Search Results page shows this message: Partial results.

If this message persists, see your HCP tenant administrator.

Initial search results for individual objects

The information initially returned for each object differs depending on the active search facility. Once you have retrieved the initial information you can ask for additional information

for any given object. Initial results with the metadata query engine

While the metadata query engine is active, the Search Results page initially returns this information for each object in the search results:

Object directory path and name. URL. This is the absolute path to the object. The location is the HCP system, and the root directory is rest for HCP namespaces or fcfs_data for the default namespace.

You can click the URL to access the object. Change time.

Here’s an example of the information initially returned for an object while the metadata query engine is active: