This property is optional on a PUT request.

This property is not valid for the default namespace.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

484/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Property

Data type

Description

Notes

tags

List

Associates zero, one, or more tags with the namespace. Each tag can be from one through 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters except commas (,). White space is allowed.

Tags are not case sensitive.

This property is optional on a PUT request.

For an existing namespace, the set of tags specified in the request body replaces the set of tags currently associated with the namespace. To remove all tags, specify an empty set.

In XML, the element that identifies each tag is tag. In JSON, the name in the name/value pair that lists the tags is tag.

This property is not valid for the default namespace. versioningSettings

versioning

Settings

For an HCP namespace, specifies the versioning settings for the namespace.

If this property is omitted on a PUT request, the default is the versioning settings specified by the namespace defaults for the tenant.

This property is optional on a PUT request. If this property is included on a PUT request and the owning tenant is not allowed to set versioning for its namespaces, the value of the enabled property for versioningSettings, if specified, must be false.

This property is not valid on a POST request and is not returned by a GET request. To modify or retrieve the versioning settings for a namespace, use the namespace versioning-Settings resource.

This property is not valid for the default namespace.

You cannot enable versioning for a namespace while the CIFS, NFS, WebDAV, or SMTP protocol or appendable objects are enabled.

Query parameter for restarting indexing While search is enabled for a namespace, you can restart metadata query engine indexing of the namespace from the time the namespace was created or from a specified date. To do this, you use this query parameter:

resetMQECheckpoint=(mm/dd/yyyy|0)

The value 0 (zero) restarts indexing from the time the namespace was created.

You use the resetMQECheckpoint query parameter with a POST request against the namespace resource.

Here’s a sample POST request that restarts metadata query engine indexing of the accounts-receivable namespace from the time the namespace was created:

curl -k -i -d "<namespace/>" -H "Content-Type: application/xml" -H "Authorization: HCP bGdyZWVu:a3b9c163f6c520407ff34cfdb83ca5c6" "https://finance.hcp.example.com:9090/mapi/tenants/finance/namespaces/ accounts-receivable?resetMQECheckpoint=0” Example

Here’s an XML example of the namespace data type; the properties shown are those that are returned in response to a verbose GET request: