https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

271/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The Create Namespace bar on the Namespaces page shows the number of bytes of storage used in all the tenant's namespaces, along with a graphical representation of the

amount of storage used out of the hard quota for the tenant. It also shows the number of bytes of storage available for storing more objects in the tenant's namespaces.

The Namespaces page also lists the namespaces owned by the current tenant.

Roles: To view the Namespaces page, you need the monitor, administrator, or compliance role.

Understanding the namespace list The Namespaces page contains a list of the namespaces owned by the current tenant. For each namespace, the list shows:

The namespace name. The number of objects currently in the namespace. Each version of an object counts as a separate object. However, the object count does not include object versions that

are delete markers or delete records.

Each multipart object counts as a single object. Objects that are in the process of being created by multipart uploads are not included in the object count.

Icons for any current alerts that apply to the namespace. Alerts indicate conditions that may need your attention. To see the text that accompanies an alert icon, hover over the icon. The number of bytes of storage used out of the hard quota for the namespace, along with a graphical representation of the amount of storage used. Used storage includes storage occupied by the parts of in-progress multipart uploads that have already been written to the namespace. Used storage does not include replaced parts of multipart uploads, parts uploaded for aborted multipart uploads, or unused parts of completed multipart uploads.

Note: Replaced parts, parts of aborted multipart uploads, and parts not included in completed multipart uploads are deleted automatically but not necessarily immediately.

To view additional information about an individual namespace, click the namespace name.

Managing the namespace list

By default, the namespace list on the Namespaces page includes all existing namespaces. The namespaces are listed 20 a time in ascending order by namespace name.

You can page through, sort, and filter the list of namespaces. The Namespaces page indicates which namespaces are shown out of the total number of namespaces in the current list. Paging

You can change the number of namespaces shown at a time on the Namespaces page. To do this, in the Items per page field, select the number of namespaces you want. The options are 10, 20, and 50.

To page forward or backward through the namespace list, click the next (

) or back (

) control, respectively.

1. In the Page field, type the page number you want. 2. Press Enter. Sorting

You can sort the namespace list in ascending or descending order by namespace name or by hard quota. To sort the list, click the column heading for the property you want to sort by. Each time you click the column heading, the sort order switches between ascending and descending.

Filter using filter fields

You can filter the namespace list by namespace name or tag. The filtered list includes only those namespaces with a name or tag, as applicable, that begins with a specified text string.

You can filter the namespace list by name or by tag by using the fields above the list.

1. In the field above the Name column, select Name to filter by name or Tag to filter by tag. 2. In the next field, type the text string you want to use as a filter.

This string can be up to 64 characters long, can contain any valid UTF-8 characters except commas (,), and is not case sensitive. White space is allowed.

3. Click the find control (

).

To redisplay the entire list of namespaces after filtering it, click the clear filter control (

).

Filter using tag control

1. Click the tag control ( ) on the right above the namespace list.

The Tags window opens. This window lists all the tags currently associated with the existing namespaces owned by the current tenant. For each tag, the window shows the number of associated namespaces.

2. Click the tenant-count icon (

) for the tag you want.