Namespaces share the same underlying physical storage. This, together with the multitenancy feature described under "Tenants" below, enables HCP to provide support for cloud storage services.

HCP and default namespaces

An HCP system can have a maximum of 10,000 locally defined namespaces, including one special namespace called the default namespace. Applications are typically written

against namespaces other than the default; these namespaces are called HCP namespaces. The default namespace is most often used with applications that existed before release 3.0 of HCP.

Note: Replication can cause an HCP system to have more than 10,000 namespaces.

The table below outlines the major differences between HCP namespaces and the default namespace.

Feature

HCP namespaces

Default namespaces

Storage usage quotas

✓

Object ownership (not related to POSIX UID)

✓ Access control lists (ACLs) for objects

✓

Object versioning

✓

Multiple custom metadata annotations

✓

Namespace ownership by users

✓

RESTful HTTP/HTTPS API for data access

✓

Non-RESTful HTTP/HTTPS protocol for data access

✓

Data access authentication with HTTP/HTTPS

✓

Hitachi API for Amazon S3, a RESTful, HTTP-based S3 compatible API for data access

✓ NDMP for backup and restore

✓

Tenants

Namespaces are owned and managed by administrative entities called tenants. A tenant typically corresponds to an organization, such as a company or a division or department

within a company.

HCP supports two types of tenants:

HCP tenants

Own HCP namespaces. An HCP system can have multiple HCP tenants, each of which can own multiple namespaces. You can limit the number of namespaces each HCP

tenant can own. In addition to being owned by a tenant, each HCP namespace can have an owner that corresponds to an individual HCP user. The owner of a namespace

automatically has permission to perform certain operations on that namespace. default tenant

Owns the default namespace and only that namespace. An HCP system can have only one default tenant.

An HCP system can have a maximum of 1,000 locally defined tenants, including the default tenant.

Note: Replication can cause an HCP system to have more than 1,000 tenants.

An HCP system has both system-level and tenant-level administrators: System-level administrators

Concerned with monitoring the HCP system hardware and software, monitoring overall repository usage, configuring features that apply across the HCP system, and

managing system-level users.

Tenant-level administrators

Concerned with monitoring namespace usage at the tenant and namespace level, configuring individual tenants and namespaces, managing tenant-level users, and

controlling access to namespaces.

System-level administrators create tenants. Tenant-level administrators create HCP namespaces. The default namespace is created automatically when the default tenant is

created.

You can create the default tenant and namespace only if allowed to do so by the system configuration. Data access methods

HCP supports access to namespace content through namespace access protocols, the HCP Namespace Browser, the HCP metadata query API, and the HCP Search Console.

Namespace access protocols

HCP supports access to namespace content through several industry-standard protocols:

For HCP namespaces only:

REST API, which is a RESTful, HTTP-based API.

Hitachi API for Amazon S3, which is a RESTful, HTTP-based S3 compatible API. With the S3-compatible API, namespaces are called buckets. For the default namespace only, a non-RESTful implementation of HTTP.

For all namespaces:

WebDAV

CIFS NFS

These protocols support various operations: storing data, creating directories, viewing object data and metadata, viewing directories, modifying certain metadata, and deleting objects. You can use these protocols to access data with a web browser, third-party applications, Windows® Explorer, and other native Windows and Unix tools.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

3/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM