Enabling email notification 1. (Optional) Test whether email notification is supported. 2. Select Enable email notification. 3. (Optional) Change the format of the email to be sent.

4. Specify one or more recipients to receive email about log messages.

Testing email notification

HCP email notification works only if the HCP system has been configured to enable support for this feature. At any time, you can test the HCP system to determine whether it has been configured to support email notification.

Testing support for email notification causes HCP to send an email to an address that you specify. This email comes from the email address specified in the From field in the Message Settings section on the Email page. The email subject is Test email from HCP.

1. On the Email page, click Test. 2. In the Test Email Notification window, type the email address to which you want HCP to send the test email. 3. Click Send. If support for email notification is not configured at the system level, the Tenant Management Console displays an error message. If the Console displays a success message but the email does not arrive, ensure that you’ve correctly specified the email address to which you want the email sent. If the email still doesn’t arrive, contact your HCP system administrator for help.

Constructing the email message template

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

265/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The content of the email messages HCP sends is determined by the message template specified in the Message Settings section on the Email page. You can modify this template at any time. The Message Preview section shows a sample email that uses the current template.

The email template has three fields, each of which can be filled in with any combination of plain text and email template variables: From

Specifies the content of the email From line. This field must have a value. That value must have the form of a valid email address. Some email servers require that the value in the From line be an email address that is already known to the server.

Subject

Specifies the content of the email Subject line. This field must have a value. For the email template subject, plain text can include spaces but not line breaks or tabs. Body

Specifies the body of the email. This field is optional. For the email template body, plain text can include spaces and line breaks but not tabs. The character sequence consisting of a backslash (\) followed by a lowercase n

creates a line break.

Email template variables

The values you specify in the From, Subject, and Body fields in the email template can include variables that correspond to the information available for each log message (for example, the severity of the event that triggered the message or the short description of the event). When sending email, HCP replaces the variables in the email message with the applicable information.

To include a variable in the email template, you specify the variable name preceded by the dollar sign ($). A dollar sign followed by anything other than a variable name is displayed

as a dollar sign in the email HCP sends.

The list below lists the variables you can use in the email template. $action

The action to take in response to the message

$date

The date and time at which the event occurred (for example, Wed Feb 8 2012 3:15:57 PM EST)

$fullText

The full text of the message

$id

The message ID

$location

The fully qualified name of the HCP system on which the event occurred (for example, hcp-ma.example.com) $origin

For user-initiated events, the IP address from which the event request was sent and the port through which HCP received the event request, separated by a colon (for

example, 192.168.152.181:8000)

$reason

The reason why HCP issued the message

$scope

Either Tenant or Namespace

$severity

The severity of the event that triggered the message $shortText

A brief description of the event that triggered the message

$type

The type of message (General, Security, or Compliance), preceded by Important and a comma if the message is important (for example, Important, Security)

$user