Warning

Notice

Warning

Warning

Warning

Warning

Warning

Notice

162/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

ID

Event

Explanation

Action

3500

Running migration

The Migration service has begun migrating data. No action is required.

3501 Migration complete

The Migration service has completed the data migration.

To remove the decommissioned hardware, contact your authorized service provider.

3502

Pausing migration

A user paused the data migration.

No action is required.

3503

Preparing migration

The Migration service has begun preparing to migrate data.

No action is required.

3504

Verifying migration

The Migration service has begun verifying the data migration.

No action is required.

3505

Migration service stopped

The Migration service is no longer running.

No action is required.

3506 Migration service performance level

A user changed the Migration service performance level.

No action is required.

updated

3507

Migration description updated

A user changed the migration description.

No action is required.

3509

Migration service: irreparable object or object part

The Migration service was unable to migrate an object or object part and has marked it irreparable.

Contact your authorized service provider.

3510

Pausing migration

The Migration service automatically paused the

Contact your authorized service provider.

data migration because the HCP system does not have enough available space for the objects being migrated.

3511

Error completing migration

The Migration service encountered an unrecoverable error while trying to complete the

Contact your authorized service provider. data migration.

4103

Failure creating HCP search facility index for a namespace.

The HCP search facility could not create the index for a namespace.

No action is required.

4104

Failure deleting HCP search facility index for a namespace.

The HCP search facility could not delete the index for a namespace.

Contact your authorized service provider.

4105

Failure creating HCP search facility index for a namespace.

The HCP search facility could not create the index for a namespace but will try again later.

No action is required. If this situation persists, contact your authorized service provider.

4106 Ingest-time override

The ingest-time override setting was changed.

No action is required.

setting has been changed

4107

Chassis communication error

HCP cannot communicate with the indicated chassis through SNMP.

Check network connectivity to the chassis. Also check that the chassis is configured to accept SNMP requests from the lowest-numbered available storage node in the HCP system.

4108

Communication from unknown node

Nodes from another HCP system were detected on the network.

Check the back-end network. A back-end network can support only one HCP system.

4109 Communication from node at previous version

Nodes from another HCP version were detected on the network, and no upgrade is in process.

Check the back-end network. A back-end network can support only one HCP system.

4110

Metadata query engine indexing started

A user enabled metadata query engine indexing. No action is required.

4111

Metadata query engine indexing stopped

A user disabled metadata query engine indexing. No action is required.

4112

Metadata query engine is available

The metadata query engine is running on the indicated node.

No action is required.

4113

Metadata query engine is not available

The metadata query engine is not running on the indicated node. As a result, the query API is unavailable for object-based queries. If the Search Console is using the query engine,

No action is required. If this situation persists, contact your authorized service provider.

searching through the Console is also unavailable. 4116

Metadata query engine index capacity warning

The size of the metadata query engine index has reached a warning threshold.

Increase the maximum size allowed for the metadata query engine index.

4117 Metadata query engine index capacity error

The size of the metadata query engine index has reached an error threshold.

Increase the maximum size allowed for the metadata query engine index.

4118