You can sort the tenant list in ascending or descending order by tenant name, management network, data access network, or hard quota. To sort the list, click the column heading

for the property you want to sort by. Each time you click the column heading, the sort order switches between ascending and descending. Filtering

You can filter the tenant list by tenant name, management network, data access network, or tag. The filtered list includes only those tenants with a name, management network, data

access network, or tag, as applicable, that begins with or is the same as a specified text string.

You can filter the tenant list by using the fields above the list. You can also filter the list by tag using the tag control.

To view the Tenants page, you need the monitor or administrator role.

1. In the field above the Name column, select the property you want to filter by. 2. In the next field, type the text string you want to use as a filter. This string can be up to 64 characters long, can contain any valid UTF-8 characters except commas (,), and is not case sensitive. White space is allowed.

3. Click the find control ( ).

4. To redisplay the entire list of tenants after filtering it, click the clear filter control ( ).

Filter the tenant list by tag using the tag control 1. Click the tag control (

) on the right above the tenant list.

The Tags window opens. This window lists all the tags currently associated with the existing tenants. For each tag, the window shows the number of associated tenants.

2. Click the tenant-count icon (

) for the tag you want.

The tenant list shows only the tenants that have the selected tag, and the fields above the Name column show the filter criteria. About the tenant Overview panel

The tenant Overview panel shows the current status of any given tenant. You can display this panel for a tenant.

To view the Tenants page, you need the monitor or administrator role. To view the tenant Overview panel, you need the monitor or administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu of the System Management Console, click Tenants. 2. In the list of tenants, click the name of the tenant that you want to examine. 3. To return to the tenant Overview panel from the tenant Settings panel, click Overview in the row of tabs below the tenant name. Tenant URL

The top of the tenant Overview panel shows the URL for access to the Tenant Management Console for the tenant. The URL has this format:

https://tenant-url-name.hcp-domain-name:8000

In this format, hcp-domain-name is the name of the domain associated with the management network for the tenant.

For example, the URL for access to the Tenant Management Console for the tenant named Finance in the HCP system named hcp‑ma.example.com is: https://finance.hcp-ma.example.com:8000

Clicking a tenant URL opens either the Overview page or the login page for the Tenant Management Console for that tenant:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

89/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

If a tenant is configured to allow system-level users to manage it, clicking the URL for that tenant opens its Tenant Management Console Overview page. For an HCP tenant, the Overview page opens only if at least one of your client IP addresses is allowed access to the Tenant Management Console for the tenant. If the tenant is not configured to allow system-level users to manage it, clicking the URL for that tenant opens its Tenant Management Console login page.

You can also use the access control (

) for a tenant to click through to the Tenant Management Console. Tenant description

The tenant Overview panel shows the tenant description, if any, below the tenant URL. This is optional text that you can specify when creating or modifying the tenant.

Features Enabled section

The Features Enabled section of the tenant Overview panel lists the features that are enabled for the tenant. Possibilities are: Replication

The tenant is eligible for replication.

Retention Mode Selection

An HCP tenant administrator can create namespaces in either enterprise or compliance mode. Additionally, a tenant administrator can change the retention mode of a namespace from enterprise to compliance.