If HCP is configured to support both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses, but the [hcp_system] network is configured to use only one type of IP address, you need to configure the new network to use only the type of IP address that the [hcp_system] network uses.

If the wizard displays the IP Mode section, but it also displays a warning message to inform you that the [hcp_system] network is configured to use only one type of IP address, select only the option that corresponds to that type of IP address.

Note: If the wizard displays this warning message, only the supported IP Mode option is selectable. However, you still need to select this option before you can

continue specifying configuration settings for the new network. 5. Take either or both of these actions:

If the HCP system supports only IPv4 addresses or if you selected IPv4 in step 4 above, in the IPv4 Configuration section:

In the Gateway field, type the IP address of the gateway that you want to use for the IPv4 subnet. In the Subnet Mask field, type the subnet mask that you want to use for the IPv4 subnet.

If the HCP system supports only IPv6 addresses or if you selected IPv6 in step 4 above, in the IPv6 Configuration section: Under IPv6 Address Settings:

In the Gateway field, type the IP address of the gateway that you want to use for the primary IPv6 subnet. In the Prefix Length field, type the IPv6 address prefix length that you want to use for the primary IPv6 subnet.

Optionally, to configure a secondary IPv6 subnet for the network, under Secondary IPv6 Address Settings:

In the Gateway field, type the IP address of the gateway that you want to use for the secondary IPv6 subnet. In the Prefix Length field, type the IPv6 address prefix length that you want to use for the secondary IPv6 subnet.

6. Click Next. 7. On the Review page in the Create Network wizard, review the network configuration settings that you entered.

8. Take one of these actions:

If the configuration settings that you entered are incorrect: Use the Previous and Next buttons to navigate through the wizard and modify your entries on each page, as necessary. When you have corrected all the configuration errors, use the Next button to navigate to the Review page. Click Finish to exit the wizard and create an empty network with the specified configuration.

If the configuration settings that you entered are correct, click Finish to exit the wizard and create an empty network with the specified configuration settings.

When you exit the wizard, the Network View panel displays the IP Configuration panel for the new network, showing the IPv4 and IPv6 subnet configuration information that you

entered in the Create Network wizard.

You can use the IP Configuration panel to assign IP addresses to one or more nodes for the new network.

Optionally, from the IP Configuration panel, you can click the applicable tab to display the Settings panel, and then use the Settings panel to change the default downstream DNS settings for the network.

Assigning IP addresses to nodes for a network

You can use either the Networks > Network View page or the Networks > Node View page to assign IP addresses to one or more nodes for each network defined on the HCP system:

Use the Networks > Network View page to configure node IP addresses for a specific network.

Use the Networks > Node View page to assign IP addresses to each node for one or more networks.

The next two sections provide instructions for assigning IP addresses to nodes for a network using the Networks > Network View page and using the Networks > Node View page, respectively.

Using the Network View page to configure node IP addresses for a network

1. On the Networks > Network View page, in the network list, click the name of the network that you want to configure.

2. In the panel that opens, click the IP Configuration tab. 3. On the IP Configuration panel, in the node IP addresses table at the bottom of the page, specify the IPv4 and IPv6 addresses that you want to assign to each node included in the network: a. To assign an IPv4 address to a node, in the row for that node, in the text field in the IPv4 Address column, type the IP address that you want to assign to the node on the IPv4 subnet.

b. To assign a primary IPv6 address to a node, in the row for that node, in the text field in the IPv6 Address column, type the IP address that you want to assign to the

node on the primary IPv6 subnet.