All S3 compatible requests must include either a Date header or an x-amz-date header. If a request includes both headers, HCP uses the date and time in the x-amz-date header. Host

Specifies the hostname for the request. The host name identifies either a tenant or a bucket. For a tenant, use this format:

tenant-name.hcp-domain-name

For a bucket, use this format:

bucket-name.tenant-name.hcp-domain-name

x-amz-date

Specifies the date and time at which the request is being made according to the requester. Normally, this is the current date and time. For the valid values for this header, see the description of the Date header above. Optional headers

Content-Length

Specifies the size, in bytes, of the request body. This header is required when you’re using an ACL request body to add an ACL to an object. If you’re using ACL headers to add the ACL, the Content-Length header is invalid. Content-Type

Specifies the Internet media type of the request body. This header is valid only when the ACL is specified in the request body. The only valid values are application/xml and text/xml. x-amz-acl

Adds a canned ACL to the bucket. This header is used only to add a canned ACL to a bucket. If you’re using individual x-amz-grant- headers to add the ACL, the x-amz-acl header is invalid.

x-amz-grant-full-control

Grants full control over the bucket to one or more specified grantees. If you’re using a canned ACL to add an ACL to a bucket, the x-amz-grant-full-control header is invalid. x-amz-grant-read

Grants the browse and read data access permissions for the bucket to one or more specified grantees. If you’re using a canned ACL to add an ACL to a bucket, the x-amz-grant-read header is invalid.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

614/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

x-amz-grant-read-acp

Grants the read ACL data access permission for the bucket to one or more specified grantees. If you’re using a canned ACL to add an ACL to a bucket, the x-amz-grant-read-acp header is invalid. x-amz-grant-write

Grants the write and delete data access permissions for the bucket to one or more specified grantees. If you’re using a canned ACL to add an ACL to a bucket, the x-amz-grant-write header is invalid.

x-amz-grant-write-acp

Grants the write ACL data access permission for the bucket to one or more specified grantees. If you’re using a canned ACL to add an ACL to a bucket, the x-amz-grant-write-acp header is invalid. Response headers

The list below describes the headers returned in response to a successful request to add an ACL to an object.

Content-length

Specifies the size, in bytes, of the response body. In response to a successful request to add an ACL to an object, the value of this header is always 0 (zero). Date

The date and time when HCP responded to the request, in Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). The date and time are returned in this format:

DDD dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss GMT

For example:

Fri, 18 Sep 2020 14:27:05 GMT

Status codes

The table below describes HTTP status codes that can be returned in response to a request to add an ACL to an object. Code

Meaning

Description

200

OK

HCP successfully added the ACL to the object.

400

Bad Request

Possible reasons include: