Whole objects Parts of multipart objects Parts of in-progress multipart uploads Chunks for erasure-coded objects Chunks for erasure-coded parts of multipart objects

The amount of data migrated, in KB, out of the total amount of data that was to be migrated, along with a progress bar and text indicating the percent of data migrated. The description of the data migration.

To modify the description:

1. Click Edit description. 2. In the text box that opens, edit the migration description.

3. Click Submit.

To view the configuration of the data migration: 1. Click View details.

The Previous Migration Details window opens. This window shows the same Configuration Summary and Configuration Details sections as step-two of the Configuration pane.

2. After reviewing the migration configuration, click Close.

Managing a data migration

While the Migration service is migrating data, you can use the Management panel on the Migration page to:

Change the performance level of the Migration service Change the description of the data migration Pause or resume the data migration Cancel the data migration

Changing the performance level

The performance level determines how much load the Migration service puts on the HCP system. If the system load from other activities is heavy, you can lower the performance level for the Migration service to make more system resources available to those activities. If the system load from other activities is light, you can increase the performance level for the Migration service, thereby allowing the service to use more system resources.

You can change the performance level for the Migration service, in the Management panel.

To monitor data migrations, you need the monitor or administrator role. To configure and manage data migrations, you need the administrator role.

1. In the Performance Level field, select Low, Medium, or High. 2. Click Update Settings. 3. In response to the confirming message, click Update Settings. HCP pauses the data migration and changes the performance level.

4. Click Resume.

Pausing or resuming a migration You can pause or resume the data migration at any time while the Migration service is copying objects. You would do this, for example, if you need to make changes to HCP networking or during periods of heavy namespace activity. While the migration is paused, the selected devices remain read-only.

To pause or resume a data migration, in the Management panel, click Pause or Resume, as applicable.

Canceling a migration

You can cancel the data migration at any time while the Migration service is copying objects or while the migration is paused. When you do this, the Migration service stops and the selected devices become read-write. Any data that was already migrated remains in its new location. Additionally, information about the data migration moves to the Migration History section in the Overview panel.

To monitor data migrations, you need the monitor or administrator role. To configure and manage data migrations, you need the administrator role. 1. Click Cancel. 2. In response to the confirming message, click Cancel Migration.

Protection service

The Protection service ensures the stability of the repository by maintaining a specified level of data redundancy, called the data protection level (DPL), for each object in the

repository throughout the entire object lifecycle. The DPL for an object is the number of copies of the object data that HCP must maintain.

For the purpose of data protection, HCP treats these as individual objects:

Parts of multipart objects Parts of in-progress multipart uploads Chunks for erasure-coded objects Chunks for erasure-coded parts of multipart objects

Each namespace has a service plan that defines both a storage tiering strategy and a data protection strategy for the objects in that namespace. For all objects in a given namespace, the storage tiering strategy defines one or more types of storage as tiers. The data protection strategy specifies the DPL that’s applied to the objects that are stored on

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

119/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

each tier.