To create the tenant without giving it a namespace quota, select No quota.

i. In the Authentication Methods section, select one or more of these authentication methods for the tenant: Local, RADIUS, and Active Directory. If you select RADIUS,

you also need to select one or both of these RADIUS authentication methods: Local or Active Directory.

j. In the Initial Security Account section, select Local or Active Directory to specify the type of initial security account that you want to create for the tenant. Then: If you selected Local, specify the user name and password for the initial HCP user account that you want to create for the tenant:

In the Username field, type a name for the initial HCP user account for the tenant. Usernames must be from one through 64 characters long, can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, and cannot start with an opening square bracket ([). White space is allowed.

User names are not case-sensitive.

In the Password field, type a password for the initial HCP user account. Passwords can be up to 64 characters long, are case-sensitive, and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space. The minimum length for the password for the initial user account is six characters.

To be valid, a password must include at least one character from two of these three groups: alphabetic, numeric, and other.

In the Confirm Password field, type the password again. If you selected Active Directory, in the Group field, specify the name of the AD group account whose credentials you want to use for the initial HCP group account that you want to create for the tenant. k. Optionally, specify contact information for the tenant:

i. Click Contact Information. ii. In the Contact Information panel, fill in the contact information. The table below describes the values that you can specify. Except as indicated, all fields are optional.

Field

Description

First Name

First name of the tenant contact. First names can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8 characters, including white space.

Last Name

The last name of the tenant contact. Last names can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8 characters, including white space.

Email

A valid email address for the tenant contact. Email addresses cannot be more than 254 characters long.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

93/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Field

Description

Confirm Email A repeat of the email address for the tenant contact. This field is required if you specify an email address in the Email field. Phone

A telephone number for the tenant contact. Do not include a telephone number extension. Instead, put the extension, if any, in the

Extension field.

Telephone numbers can contain only numbers, parentheses, hyphens (-), periods (.), plus signs (+), and spaces and can be up to 24 characters long (for example, (800) 123-4567). Extension

A telephone number extension for the tenant contact. Telephone number extensions can contain only numbers and can be up to five

characters long.

Address Line 1

The first line of an address for the tenant contact. Address lines can be up to 100 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8 characters, including white space. Address Line

The second line of an address for the tenant contact.

2

City

The city for the tenant contact. City names can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8 characters, including white space.

State/Province The state or province for the tenant contact. State and province names can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8

characters, including white space. Postal Code

The postal code for the tenant contact. Postal codes can be up to 64 characters long and can contain only alphanumeric characters and hyphens (-).

Country

The country for the tenant contact. Country names can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8 characters, including white space. l. Optionally, associate tags with the tenant:

i. Click Tags. ii. For each tag you want to associate with the tenant: