The date and time before which the namespace content is guaranteed to have been sent from the local system to the remote system The current date and time

For the default tenant, this is the average sent-as-of time among the directories on the link. Tip:

If some tenants are significantly less up to date than others, set the replication priority for the link to Oldest Object First to reduce the gap. If the sent-as-of time is consistently increasing for one or more tenants, even with the replication performance level set to High, you may need to add more processing power (for example, additional nodes) to your system or increase the bandwidth between the two systems involved in the link. Received as Of

For an active/active link, an outbound active/passive link during data recovery, or an inbound active/passive link during replication, the average of the received-as-of times for the tenant's namespaces. The received-as-of time for a namespace is the amount of time that is the difference between:

The date and time before which the namespace content is guaranteed to have been sent from the remote system to the local system The current date and time

For the default tenant, this is the average received-as-of time among the directories on the link. Status

The current status of replication or recovery activity for the tenant, represented by one or more of these icons, as applicable:

If the icon is animated, replication or recovery of the tenant is proceeding normally. If the icon is static, no replication or recovery is occurring on the replication link.

A user paused replication or recovery of the tenant.

The Replication service automatically paused replication or recovery of the tenant. To view text describing the condition that’s causing this status, hover over the status icon.

The tenant is on a link that’s chained into the link you’re viewing.

Managing the tenant list

By default, the tenant list in the Tenants panel includes all tenants in the link. The tenants are listed 20 at a time in ascending order by tenant name.

You can page through, sort, and filter the list of tenants. The Tenants panel indicates which tenants are shown out of the total number of tenants in the current list. Paging

You can change the number of tenants shown at a time in the Tenants panel. To do this, in the Items per page field, select the number of tenants you want. The options are 10, 20, and 50.

To page forward or backward through the tenant list, click the next (

) or back (

) control, respectively.

To jump to a specific page in the tenant list:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

362/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

1. In the Page field, type the page number you want. 2. Press Enter. Sorting

You can sort the tenants in the tenant list by tenant name, outbound or inbound synchronization time, or status. To sort the list:

By name, click the Name column heading. Each time you click the column heading, the sort order switches between ascending and descending. By outbound or inbound synchronization time, click the Sent as Of or Received as Of column heading, as applicable. The first time you click the column heading, the tenants are sorted in ascending order by the applicable synchronization time. Each time you click the column heading after that, the sort order switches between ascending and descending. By status, click the Status column heading. The first time you click the column heading, tenants for which replication has been automatically paused are listed first, followed by tenants for which replication has been manually paused, followed by the remaining tenants. Each time you click the column heading after that, the order reverses from what it currently is. Filtering

You can filter the tenant list by tenant name or tag. The filtered list includes only those tenants with a name or tag, as applicable, that begins with or is the same as a specified text string.

1. In the field above the Name column, select Name to filter by name or Tag to filter by tag.

2. In the next field, type the text string you want to use as a filter.

This string can be up to 64 characters long, can contain any valid UTF-8 characters except commas (,), and is not case sensitive. White space is allowed.

3. Click the find control (

).