Heavy traffic (greater than 120 MB per second) on both the front-end and back-end networks may mean that the HCP system has insufficient bandwidth to accommodate its workload. In this case, you may need to add nodes to the HCP system to increase the available bandwidth.

Heavy front-end traffic on some nodes, but not all of them, may indicate one of the following problems: The HCP subdomain is not correctly configured in your DNS. Applications are repeatedly using the same IP addresses to access the system. In this case, you may want to suggest to tenant administrators that their applications use DNS or some other mechanism to help balance the workload across all the nodes in the system.

Heavy back-end traffic on some but not all nodes may mean that the distribution of objects across the nodes in the system is uneven. To verify that this is the case, check the logical volume usage statistics on the Hardware page in the System Management Console. To resolve the issue, submit a request to your authorized HCP service provider to run the Capacity Balancing service to bring the object distribution to a more balanced state.

Managing the resource usage graphs

To manage the resource usage graphs on the Resources page, you can: Choose which graphs to display Choose whether the graphs show information about an individual node or all nodes Zoom in to more easily see the individual data points in the graphs Select a time for which you want to know the resource usage details Specify the time period you want to see in the graph windows Scroll left and right to change the time period shown in the graph windows

Switching graphs

The Resources page shows four graphs at a time. By default, the page shows these graphs: CPU Usage, CPU IO Wait, Back-end Network, and Front-end Network. At any time, you

can change which graphs are shown.

To switch one graph for another, in the title bar of the graph you want to switch, click the icon for the graph you want. The graph icons are: (%) - CPU Usage

(IO) - CPU IO Wait

(r/w) - LUN Read/Write

(%) - LUN Utilization

(M) - Memory Swap

(F) - Front-end Network

(B) - Back-end Network

(M) - Management Network

Setting the scope

The CPU, memory, and network graphs can show statistics for all nodes or for an individual node along with the statistics for all nodes. The logical volume graphs can show statistics only for an individual volume and only while a node is selected for display in the other graphs.

To set the scope of the information shown in the graphs, select either All Nodes or the node you want in the field above the top right graph. The selection applies to all the graphs.

To set the logical volume for a logical volume graph, while an individual node is selected for display, select the volume you want in the field in the graph title bar. The selection applies only to that graph. Zooming

The graphs on the Resources page can show resource usage statistics for at most 30 days (or fewer if the system was installed less than 30 days ago). However, the longer the time period shown, the harder it is to see short-term changes in resource usage.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

180/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

You can zoom in on the graphs to more easily see the individual data points in them. Zooming in changes the time period visible in each graph but does not change the height of the graphs. You can zoom in until the visible time period is one day. You can zoom out until the visible time period is 30 days.

Zooming affects all the graphs equally.

To zoom in, click the plus control ( ) above the top left graph.

To zoom out, click the minus control (

) above the top left graph.

After each zoom action, the zoom controls are momentarily grayed.

Setting the amount by which zooming increases or decreases

You can set the amount by which zooming increases or decreases the visible time period each time you zoom.

To view the Resources page, you need the monitor or administrator role.

1. On the Resources page, click the edit control ( 2. In the Modify Zoom and Scroll Settings window, select one of these in the Zoom Settings section: ) above the top left graph. Incremental zoom