177/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Variable

Description

$shortText A brief description of the event that triggered the message $type

The type of message (General, Security, or Compliance), preceded by Important and a comma if the message is important (for example, Important, Security)

$user

The user ID and username of the event initiator (for example, 105ff38f-4770-4f98-b5b3-8371ab0af359 lgreen)

Restoring the default template

The following table shows the format of the default email template. Field

Default value

From

log@$location

Subject

[$severity] $shortText

Body

The following event occurred on $date: $fullText

Reason:

$reason

Action:

$action

Details: User: $user

Origin: $origin

Changing the email template back to the default

To view the Email page, you need the monitor, administrator, security, or compliance role. To configure email notification and test the connection to the email server, you need the administrator or security role.

1. On the Email page, click Reset. 2. Optionally, click Preview to preview the sample email with the default format in the Message Preview field. 3. Click Update Settings at the bottom of the page.

Specifying email recipients

You use the Recipients section on the Email page to specify the email addresses to which HCP sends email about log messages. HCP sends email as blind carbon copies, so email

recipients are not visible to one another.

Each row in the Recipients section contains one or more email addresses and indicates which messages are sent to those addresses. The section can have at most 25 rows. Because each row in the Recipients section can contain multiple email addresses, you can specify a total of more than 25 addresses in this section. However, HCP sends each email only to an arbitrary 25 of the addresses that are supposed to receive the email. For example, if 34 email addresses are supposed to receive email about log messages that are important and have a severity level of error and a type of general, HCP sends such email only to 25 of those addresses.

You can add, modify, and delete rows in the Recipients section at any time.

Understanding the recipients list Each row in the Recipients section specifies:

One or more email addresses. Whether to send email only about important log messages (Major) to the specified email addresses or to send email about all log messages (All).

The severity of the log messages about which to send email:

Notice

tells HCP to send email about log messages with a severity level of notice, warning, or error. Warning

tells HCP to send email about log messages with a severity level of warning or error. Error

tells HCP to send email only about log messages with a severity level of error.

Whether to send email about general log messages (

). General log messages are all messages that do not have a type of security or compliance.

Whether to send email about log messages with a type of security (

).

Whether to send email about log messages with a type of compliance (

).

Email recipients receive email only about log messages that have all the selected properties.

Adding, modifying, and deleting rows in the recipients list

To add, modify, and/or delete rows in the recipients list, on the Email page:

1. Take one or more of these actions:

To add a row:

a. Optionally, in the Recipients field, type a comma-separated list of one or more well-formed email addresses. b. Click Add.

A new row appears in the recipients list with importance set to Major, severity set to Error, and only general selected as the type. The row is highlighted in green. To remove the new row, click the delete control (

) for the row.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

178/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

To modify a row: