Similarly, the IP addresses for the system may differ for these two purposes. For the IP addresses to use for namespace access, contact your HCP system administrator. Namespace owner

The top right corner of the namespace Overview panel shows the namespace owner if the namespace has an owner:

If the owner user account is an HCP account, the panel shows the account username.

If the user account for the owner of a namespace is deleted, the namespace reverts to having no owner.

HCP can retrieve the user account information from AD, the panel shows the account username along with the name of the AD domain in which the account is defined, in this format: username@ad-domain-name

HCP cannot retrieve the user account information from AD, the panel shows the SID for the user account. This can happen if the AD user account was deleted or if HCP cannot communicate with AD.

In either case, the username or SID is a link that you can use to change the namespace owner. If the namespace has no owner, the top right corner of the panel shows the Modify Owner link, which you can use to assign an owner to the namespace. Objects section

The Objects section in the namespace Overview panel contains a graph showing the number of objects in the namespace during the past 30 days (or since the namespace was created if that was less than 30 days ago).

Each version of an object counts as a separate object. However, the object count does not include object versions that are delete markers and delete records.

Each multipart object counts as a single object. Objects that are in the process of being created by multipart uploads are not included in the object count.

While any of the search facilities is selected for use with the Search Console, the graph also shows the total number of indexed objects in the namespace during the past 30 days. For any point in time for which the indexed object count is shown, the count reflects the index maintained by the search facility that was selected for the Search Console at that time. The x‑axis in the Objects graph marks the passage of time. The y-axis marks the number of objects. As the number of objects increases, the intervals on the y-axis get larger. The section heading indicates the current measurement unit (for example, thousands or millions).

The graph legend shows the most recent value for the number of objects stored (Ingested object count) and, if applicable, the number of indexed objects (Indexed object count).

Below the Usage section, which is below the Objects section, the Overview panel shows the date and time the Objects and Usage sections were last updated. To show the most current information in these sections, click Refresh Now. Usage section

The Usage section in the namespace Overview panel contains a graph showing information about the namespace storage during the past 30 days (or since the namespace was created if that was less than 30 days ago).

The x-axis in the Usage graph marks the passage of time. The y-axis measures the amount of storage in gigabytes, terabytes, or petabytes, depending on the namespace size. The graph heading indicates the current measurement unit (gigabytes (GB), terabytes (TB), or petabytes (PB)). The Usage graph shows:

Total storage capacity

The hard quota for the namespace.

Used storage capacity

The total amount of storage space currently occupied by all data stored in the namespace, including object data, metadata (except ACLs), and any redundant data required to satisfy the namespace service plan. Used storage includes storage occupied by the parts of in-progress multipart uploads that have already been written to the namespace. Used storage does not include replaced parts of multipart uploads, parts uploaded for aborted multipart uploads, or unused parts of completed multipart uploads. Note: Replaced parts, parts of aborted multipart uploads, and parts not included in completed multipart uploads are deleted automatically but not necessarily immediately.

Ingested volume

The total size of the stored data and custom metadata before it was added to the namespace. This value tells you how much data you have stored.

The graph legend shows the current value for each item. Below the Usage section, the Overview panel shows the date and time the Objects and Usage sections were last updated. To show the most current information in these sections, click Refresh Now.

Major namespace events

The Major Events section in the namespace Overview panel lists log messages about major events related to the namespace (for example, the amount of storage used by the

namespace exceeds the namespace soft quota). The list includes all such messages that have occurred since the namespace was created.