system in the replication pair identifies the current system by its IP addresses, you need to modify the IP addresses in the definition of the replication link. For the network that’s currently selected for replication, all nodes must have IP addresses. You can change but cannot remove IP addresses for that network. You can disable or reenable a network at any time. If you disable the network that’s currently selected for replication, the status of all replication links in which the HCP system participates changes to broken, and replication or recovery, as applicable, stops on those links. If you then reenable the network, replication or recovery resumes automatically on those links.

Modifying a network

You can use the Networks > Network View page to view and modify any configurable properties of a network or network alias.

You can use the Networks > Node View page to modify the network IP address assignments that are defined for each node for each existing network on the HCP system.

The next two sections provide instructions for modifying a network using the Networks > Network View page and using the Networks > Node View page, respectively.

Modifying a network on the Network View panel

1. On the Networks > Network View page, in the network list, click the name of the network that you want to modify.

The properties of the network are displayed on three separate panels: Settings, IP Configuration, and DNS Zone Definitions.

If there are no alerts associated with a network, when you click its name in the network list, the Settings panel opens. If an alert is associated with a network, when you click its name in the network list, the panel that opens is the one used to display the network configuration settings that you need to change to fix the problem indicated by the alert.

2. On the panel that opens, either change the settings displayed on the panel or click the applicable navigation tab to display the panel that has the settings you want to change:

a. On the Settings panel, you can:

Enable or disable the network. To do this, select the applicable option in the Network Status field in the top right corner of the panel. Note: If you enable or disable the [hcp_management] network, the HCP system restarts.

Use the fields that are displayed by default to change any of these general network configuration settings: network name, description, domain, and MTU. If Downstream DNS Configuration basic mode is enabled, display the applicable fields and change the Downstream DNS Configuration settings for the network.

If the advanced downstream DNS configuration mode is enabled, display the applicable fields and change the downstream DNS configuration settings for the network. b. On the IP Configuration panel, you can:

Use the Make untagged network and VLAN ID fields to specify whether the network is tagged or untagged and to specify the VLAN ID for a tagged network,

respectively. If HCP is configured to support both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses for user-defined networks, use the fields in the IP Mode section to change the IP mode for the network.

If you select an IP Mode option that was not previously selected, the IP Configuration panel displays the fields that you need to use to configure the network to use the specified type of IP addresses. If you deselect an option that was previously unselected, the panel hides all IP configuration settings associated with that option.

Depending on the IP mode selected for the network, use the fields in the IPv4 Configuration section, the IPv6 Configuration section, or both sections to specify

the IPv4 gateway and subnet mask for the IPv4 subnet and to specify the IPv6 gateway and prefix length for each IPv6 subnet, respectively. At the bottom of the IP Configuration panel, use the fields in the node IP addresses table, and optionally, use Calculate Primary and Calculate Secondary below the table to assign IP addresses to each node included in the network.

You cannot use the Zone Definitions panel to change any network configuration settings.

3. When you finish modifying settings on the selected panel, click Update Settings at the bottom of the page.

A warning message appears asking you to confirm the changes you’ve made.

4. In the field in the message window, type YES. This is case-sensitive. 5. Click Update Settings. 6. Optionally, to change additional network configuration settings on another panel, click the applicable navigation tab to display that panel. Then, repeat steps 3-6 above to

make the additional changes to the network configuration.

7. After your finish making changes in the network configuration section, go to the Networks > Network View page to return to the network list.

Modifying network IP address assignments for a node on the Node View page