4. Click Add Selected.

A row for each content property you selected appears in the list of content properties for the content class.

5. (Optional) Modify the definitions of the new content properties. Importing content properties from a content property file

1. Above the content property list, click Import. 2. In the Import Content Properties window, click Browse. Then select the content property file you want. 3. Click Import.

A row for each content property defined in the content property file appears in the list of content properties for the content class.

4. (Optional) Modify the definitions of the new content properties.

Testing content properties

You can test the definitions of the content properties for a content class at any time. You do this by having HCP extract content property values from sample XML that you supply. The test applies to all the content properties in the content property list, including those that have not yet been committed.

1. On the Search page, in the list of content classes, click the name of the content class with the content properties you want to test. 2. In the Sample Custom Metadata field in the Settings panel, type or paste the well-formed XML you want to use for the test. 3. Above the content property list, click Test.

HCP extracts the values it can find for the content properties in the content property list. The extracted values appear in the Test Value column in the content property list.

Exporting content properties

You can export the definitions of the content properties for a content class to a content property file at any time. The resulting file includes the definition of each property in the list, including those that have not yet been committed.

1. On the Search page, in the list of content classes, click the name of the content class with the content properties you want to export. 2. Above the content property list in the Settings panel, click Export. 3. When prompted, save the content property file to the location of your choice. https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

302/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Changing the namespaces associated with a content class

You can change the associations between namespaces and content classes at any time. However, only namespaces that are search enabled can be associated with content classes.

When you change the namespaces associated with a content class, you have the option of reindexing all the affected namespaces. If you choose to do this, the metadata query engine reindexes each of those namespaces starting from the time the namespace was created. 1. On the Search page, in the list of content classes, click the name of the content class with for which you want to change namespace associations. 2. In the row of tabs below the content class name, click Namespaces. In the Namespaces panel, the Associate Namespaces with Content Class section lists namespaces that are enabled for search and are not already associated with the content class.

If any namespaces are already associated with the content class, they are listed in the Content Class Namespaces section.

3. (Optional) Filter the list of namespaces in the Associate Namespaces with Content Class section by namespace name.

a. In the Associate Namespaces with Content Class field, type a text string to use as a filter.

This string can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space. It is not case sensitive. You cannot filter the namespace list while any of the namespaces in it are selected for association. b. Click the find control (

).

4. For each namespace you want to associate with the content class, click the add control (

) for the namespace in the Associate Namespaces with Content Class section.

To select all the namespaces listed in the Associate Namespaces with Content Class list, click Select All. To deselect a namespace, click the remove control ( To deselect all the selected namespaces, click Clear. ) for it.

The row containing the namespace turns green.

5. For each namespace in the Content Class Namespaces section that you want to dissociate from the content class, click the remove control (

) for the namespace in that

section.

To select all the namespaces listed in the Content Class Namespaces section, click Select All. To deselect a namespace, click the add control ( To deselect all the selected namespaces, click Clear. ) for it.