3. To remove a single entry from an Allow or Deny list, click the delete control ( 4. To remove all entries, click Delete All. ) for that entry.

Changes you make to either list of IP addresses take effect immediately.

Specifying IP addresses to be denied access to HCP through SNMP

Optionally, you can specify IP addresses to be denied access to HCP through SNMP.

To view the SNMP page, you need the monitor, administrator, security, or compliance role. To configure SNMP for HCP and test connections to SNMP managers, you need the administrator or security role.

1. On the SNMP page, click the Deny tab. 2. To add an entry to an Allow or Deny list, in the field above the list, type the entry you want and click Add.

3. To remove a single entry from an Allow or Deny list, click the delete control ( 4. To remove all entries, click Delete All. ) for that entry.

Changes you make to either list of IP addresses take effect immediately.

Specifying how HCP should handle IP addresses that appear in both or neither of the Allow and Deny lists

To specify how HCP should handle IP addresses that appear in both or neither of the Allow and Deny lists, select or deselect Allow request when same IP is used in both lists on the SNMP page. Changes to this option take effect immediately.

Specifying one or more external SNMP manager IP addresses

Optionally, you can specify one or more external SNMP manager IP addresses. For each external SNMP manager that you want to use with HCP, specify the IPv4 or IPv6 address that you want HCP to use to connect to that SNMP manager.

You specify each external SNMP manager IP address as a separate entry in the SNMP trap addresses list. You can add an IP address to the SNMP trap addresses list. To view the SNMP page, you need the monitor, administrator, security, or compliance role. To configure SNMP for HCP and test connections to SNMP managers, you need the administrator or security role.

1. On the SNMP page, in the Trap Addresses field, type the IP address.

Each entry in this list must be a single IP address. IP address ranges and comma-separated lists are not valid.

2. Click Add. The IP address moves into the list below the field.

3. To remove an external SNMP manager IP address from the list, click the delete control ( 4. To remove all the IP addresses from the list, click Delete All.

) for that IP address.

IP addresses that appear in both the Trap Addresses list and the Deny list do not receive trap notifications. Testing SNMP connections

At any time, you can test the connections to the external SNMP managers whose IP addresses appear on the SNMP page. Testing the connections causes HCP to send a message to the target IP addresses. To verify that the connections are working, you need to use your SNMP tools to check that the message arrived.

The message HCP sends to the SNMP managers has a severity level of Notice. Therefore, for the message to be sent successfully, the severity level of messages to be sent must be set to NOTICE.

To view the SNMP page, you need the monitor, administrator, security, or compliance role. To configure SNMP for HCP and test connections to SNMP managers, you need the administrator or security role.

1. On the SNMP page, click Test.

HCP sends this message to the specified SNMP managers: User username sent system log test message.

2. Check each SNMP manager to ensure that the message arrived.

If an SNMP manager doesn’t receive the message:

Check that you’ve correctly specified the target IP address. Check that you can successfully ping the target IP address. If you’re unable to determine the cause of the problem, please contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Viewing and downloading the HCP-MIB.txt file

The SNMP MIB for HCP is described in the HCP-MIB.txt file. To use this MIB, you need to download the file to your SNMP tool.

Tip: You can download the HCP-MIB.txt file even if your user account includes only the monitor role. To view the SNMP page, you need the monitor, administrator, security, or compliance role. To configure SNMP for HCP and test connections to SNMP managers, you need the administrator or security role.