Remote Tenants

Lists the HCP tenants on the other system involved in the link that are eligible for replication but not currently included on the link. This list does not include tenants that are read-only on the other system due to replication.

If a tenant has granted system-level users administrative access to itself, the row for the tenant in the applicable list shows the number of the tenant's namespaces that are selected for replication. On the primary system for an active/passive link, the row shows this number out of the total number of namespaces owned by the tenant.

1. (Optional) In the Tenants Replicating section, filter the list of tenants that are currently included on the link. 2. In the tenants replicating list, select the tenants you want to remove from the link. To select all the tenants in the list, click Select All above the list. To deselect all the selected tenants, click Clear above the list.

3. Click Remove Selected Tenants. Selecting HCP namespaces for tenants in an active/active link

You select and deselect HCP namespaces for replication in the Manage Namespaces window for the tenant that owns the namespaces. To open this window, in the link content

Tenants panel, click the manage namespaces control ( itself.

) for the owning tenant. This control is present only if the tenant has granted system-level users administrative access to

When you start from an active/active link, the Manage Namespaces window has these sections: Namespaces Selected for Replication

Lists the tenant's namespaces that are currently selected for replication Important:

In the Namespaces Selected for Replication section, rows containing namespaces that have been deleted from HCP are highlighted in red and have a trash can icon

(

) on the right. HCP automatically removes each deleted namespace from this list after the deletion has been replicated.

Do not manually remove deleted namespaces from this list. If you do, the deletion will not be replicated.

Disabling replication for a namespace that has already been replicated may cause object data in that namespace to become inaccessible on one or more systems in the replication topology. Local Namespaces

Lists the namespaces that are owned by the tenant on the local system and that are not currently selected for replication

Remote Namespaces

Lists the namespaces that are owned by the tenant on the other system involved in the link and that are not currently selected for replication

To close the Manage Namespaces window without taking any action, click the close control ( ) in the upper right corner.

1. (Optional) Filter the list from which you want to select one or more namespaces for replication.

2. For each listed namespace you want to select for replication, click in the namespace row.

The namespace is selected, and the namespace row changes color.

To select all the namespaces in the list, click Select All above the list. To deselect a selected namespace, click in the namespace row. To deselect all the selected namespaces, click Clear.

3. Click Add Selected Namespaces below the list.

Deselecting HCP namespaces for tenants in an active/active link

You select and deselect HCP namespaces for replication in the Manage Namespaces window for the tenant that owns the namespaces. To open this window, in the link content

Tenants panel, click the manage namespaces control ( itself.

) for the owning tenant. This control is present only if the tenant has granted system-level users administrative access to When you start from an active/active link, the Manage Namespaces window has these sections:

Namespaces Selected for Replication

Lists the tenant's namespaces that are currently selected for replication

Important:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

344/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

In the Namespaces Selected for Replication section, rows containing namespaces that have been deleted from HCP are highlighted in red and have a trash can icon

(

) on the right. HCP automatically removes each deleted namespace from this list after the deletion has been replicated.

Do not manually remove deleted namespaces from this list. If you do, the deletion will not be replicated.