this is the case, you need to get the new password for the security account from the service provider.

Working with user accounts

To view, create, and manage user accounts, you use the Users page in the HCP System Management Console. Note:

To view user accounts, you need the monitor, administrator, or security role. To create and manage user accounts, you need the security role.

To display the Users page, in the top-level menu, select Security ► Users.

About the Users page

The Users page lets you create, modify, and delete user accounts. It also lists the existing user accounts.

Understanding the user account list

The Users page lists existing user accounts. For each account, the list shows: The user name

Whether the account is enabled or disabled

The full name of the account user Whether the user login is authenticated locally or by RADIUS

To view additional information about an individual user account, click the account user name.

Managing the user account list

By default, the user account list on the Users page includes all existing user accounts. The accounts are listed 20 at a time in ascending order by username.

You can page through, sort, and filter the list of user accounts. The Users page indicates which accounts are shown out of the total number of accounts in the current list. Paging

You can change the number of user accounts shown at a time on the Users page. To do this, in the Items per page field, select the number of tenants you want. The options are 10, 20, and 50.

To page forward or backward through the user account list, click the next (

) or back (

) control, respectively.

1. In the Page field, type the page number you want.

2. Press Enter. Sorting

You can sort the user account list in ascending or descending order by username. To change the sort order, click the Username column heading. Each time you click the column

heading, the sort order switches between ascending and descending. Filtering

You can filter the user account list by username. The filtered list includes only those user accounts with a username that begins with or is the same as a specified text string.

1. In the entry field above the list, type the text string you want to use as a filter.

This string can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space. It is not case sensitive.

2. Click the find control (

).

To redisplay the entire list of user accounts after filtering it, click the clear filter control (

).

Creating a user account

To view user accounts, you need the monitor, administrator, or security role. To create and manage user accounts, you need the security role.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

21/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

1. On the Users page in the System Management Console, click Create User Account. 2. In the Create User Account pane:

a. (Optional) To initially disable the user account, clear Enable account.

b. In the Username field, type a unique login name.

User names:

Can be from one through 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters but cannot start with an opening square bracket ([). White space is allowed. Are not case sensitive.

Cannot be names that are currently in use.

Tip: Consider using email addresses as user names. This gives you easy access to email addresses should you need to contact users.

c. In the Full Name field, type the name of the person for whom you are creating the account.

This name can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space.

d. For Authentication, select either Local for local authentication or RADIUS for remote authentication.

If you select Local, the pane displays the Password and Confirm Password fields and the Force change on next login option. If you select RADIUS, these fields are hidden.

e. If you select local authentication: i. Fill in the Password and Confirm password fields.

Passwords can be up to 64 characters long, are case sensitive, and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters including white space. To be valid, a password