Unable to create S Series Node. An unexpected error occurred. Please contact your HCP system administrator. Modifying an HCP S Series storage component

After an S Series Node is added to an HCP system, its storage component is displayed on the Storage > Components page. Use the System Management Console to manage and

update the S Series Node settings.

Modifying basic component settings

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

41/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The Settings tab of the S Series Storage Components page shows the name, type, description, storage network (if enabled) and endpoint of the S Series Node. You can modify

most of the information on the page.

1. In the HCP System Management Console, open the Storage > Components page and select an S Series Node. The Storage Node page opens.

2. Click the Settings tab.

3. In the Name field, type a new name for the S Series Node.

4. In the Description field, type a new description for the S Series Node.

5. If the Storage Network field is visible, select a network for tiering.

6. In the Domain Name or Virtual IP field, type the new domain or virtual IP address of the S Series Node. 7. If the S Series Node meets the compliancy expectations of your service plan, select the Compliant checkbox.

8. Click Update Settings.

Modifying advanced component settings

1. Go to the Storage > Components page.

2. Click an S Series Node.

3. On the Storage > Node page that opens, click the Advanced tab. 4. Configure the following options: Use HTTPS

To use HTTP with SSL security for data access requests, select Use HTTPS.

HTTPS Port

In the HTTPS Port field, type the port you want to use to connect to the S Series Node with SSL requests. The default is 443.

HTTP Port

In the HTTP Port field, type the port you want to use to connect to the S Series Node. The default is 80. Use proxy

Optionally, select Use proxy to connect to the S Series Node. If you select Use proxy:

Proxy Host

In the Proxy Host field, type the hostname or IP address of the proxy server.

Proxy Port

In the Proxy Port number field, type the number of the proxy server. The default is 0.

Proxy Username

In the Proxy Username field, type the user name of the proxy server. Proxy Password

In the Proxy Password field, type the password of the proxy server.

Proxy Domain

In the Proxy Domain field, type the AD domain of the proxy server.

Connection Timeout (ms)

In the Connection Timeout (ms) field, type the wait time you want to permit a connection to respond before the connection times out. Socket Timeout (ms)

In the Socket Timeout (ms) field, type the amount of time you want to wait for data to be transferred over an open connection before the connection closes.

Max Connections

In the Max Connections field, type the max connection pool size.

Max Error Retries

In the Max Error Retries field, type the maximum allowable error retries. User Agent

In the User Agent field, type the user agent.

TCP Send Buffer Size Hint

In the TCP Send Buffer Size Hint field, type the optional size hint (in bytes) for the low-level TCP send buffers.

TCP Receive Buffer Size Hint

In the TCP Receive Buffer Size Hint field, type the optional size hint (in bytes) for the low-level TCP receive buffers. Enable additional data integrity validation

Select this option if you want the S Series Node to check the md5 hash of every object it receives against the hash generated by HCP when writing the object. If the hashes do not match, the object fails to tier.

Maximum object size (GB)

In the Maximum object size (GB) field, type the maximum allowable object size. Enable multipart object uploads

Allows HCP to write objects to the S Series Node using multipart object upload. Starting with release 2.0 of the S Series Node, multipart upload is automatically