If the ACL you specify in a request to initiate a multipart upload is invalid, HCP returns a 400 (Bad Request) or 501 (Not Implemented) status code and does not initiate the multipart upload.

You cannot change the custom metadata or ACL for a multipart object until the multipart upload used to create the object has been completed. When you complete a multipart upload, you become the owner of the resulting object.

Request line

Depending on whether the bucket name is included in the hostname in the S3 compatible request, a request to initiate a multipart upload has either of these formats:

With the bucket name included in the hostname:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

638/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

POST /object-name?uploads HTTP/1.1 With the bucket name following the hostname: POST /bucket-name/object-name?uploads HTTP/1.1

The uploads query parameter is case sensitive.

Required headers

The list below describes the headers you can use in a request to initiate a multipart upload.

Authorization

Specifies user credentials or requests anonymous access.

Date

Specifies the date and time when the request is being made according to the requester. Normally, this is the current date and time. The date and time must always be specified using Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). To specify the date and time, use this format: DDD, dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss (+0000|GMT)

In this format:

DDD

The three-letter abbreviation for the day of the week, with an uppercase first letter (for example, Mon).

dd

The two-digit day of the month.

MMM

The three-letter abbreviation for the month, with an uppercase first letter (for example, Feb). yyyy

The four-digit year.

HH

The hour on a 24-hour clock.

mm

The number of minutes.

ss

The number of seconds.

For example:

Thu, 23 Mar 2017 14:27:05 +0000

All S3 compatible requests must include either a Date header or an x-amz-date header. If a request includes both headers, HCP uses the date and time in the x-amz-date header. Host

Specifies the hostname for the request. The host name identifies either a tenant or a bucket. For a tenant, use this format:

tenant-name.hcp-domain-name

For a bucket, use this format:

bucket-name.tenant-name.hcp-domain-name

x-amz-date

Specifies the date and time at which the request is being made according to the requester. Normally, this is the current date and time. For the valid values for this header, see the description of the Date header above. Optional headers

x-amz-acl

Adds a canned ACL to the bucket. This header is used only to add a canned ACL to a bucket. If you’re using individual x-amz-grant- headers to add the ACL, the x-amz-acl header is invalid.

x-amz-grant-full-control

Grants full control over the bucket to one or more specified grantees. If you’re using a canned ACL to add an ACL to a bucket, the x-amz-grant-full-control header is invalid. x-amz-grant-read

Grants the browse and read data access permissions for the bucket to one or more specified grantees. If you’re using a canned ACL to add an ACL to a bucket, the x-amz-grant-read header is invalid.

x-amz-grant-read-acp

Grants the read ACL data access permission for the bucket to one or more specified grantees. If you’re using a canned ACL to add an ACL to a bucket, the x-amz-grant-read-acp header is invalid. x-amz-grant-write