If you disable custom metadata indexing after it has been enabled, custom metadata that has already been indexed is not removed from the index.

By default, when you create a namespace with search enabled, indexing of custom metadata is disabled.

If indexing of custom metadata is enabled: Enable or disable metadata query engine indexing of the full text of custom metadata. If you disable this option after it has been enabled, custom metadata text that has already been indexed is not removed from the index. Specify annotations to be excluded from metadata query engine indexing of custom metadata. Annotations are excluded by name. So, for example, you could exclude all annotations named miscellaneous. Users cannot query for objects based on the content of excluded annotations.

You can also reindex an individual namespace at any time. You might do this, for example, if you associate additional content classes with the namespace.

Displaying the namespace Search panel

To manage search and indexing for an individual namespace, you use the namespace Search panel in the Tenant Management Console. While the metadata query engine or HCP search facility is selected for use with the Search Console, the Search panel shows the date and time before which eligible objects in the namespace are guaranteed to be included in the applicable index.

To view the search and indexing settings for a namespace, you need the monitor or administrator role. To modify the search and indexing settings for a namespace or to reindex a namespace, you need the administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu, click Namespaces. 2. In the list of namespace on the Namespaces page, click the name of the namespace you want. 3. In the row of tabs below the namespace name, click Services.

4. On the left side of the Services panel, click Search.

Setting search and indexing options

1. In the Search panel for the namespace, select or deselect Enable search to enable or disable search, respectively. 2. If Enable search is selected: Select or deselect Enable indexing to enable or disable indexing, respectively. In the Content Classes list, select or deselect content classes to associate them with or dissociate them from the namespace, respectively.

To select all the listed content classes, click in the checkbox at the top of the list. To deselect all the content classes after selecting all, click in the checkbox again.

3. If Enable indexing is selected, select or deselect Enable indexing of custom metadata to enable or disable indexing of custom metadata, respectively. 4. If Enable indexing of custom metadata is enabled: Select or deselect Enable full custom metadata indexing to enable or disable metadata query engine indexing of the full text of custom metadata, respectively. In the Exclude Annotations from Indexing field, specify the names of one or more annotations to be excluded from custom metadata indexing. Use a comma to separate each annotation name from the next.

Instead of explicit names, you can use patterns. The wildcard character for pattern matching is the asterisk (*), which matches any number of characters of any type, including none. The asterisk can occur anywhere in the pattern. Annotation names are case sensitive.

5. Click Update Settings.

If you deselected Enable search, HCP displays a confirming message.

6. In the window with the confirming message, select I understand to confirm that you understand the consequences of your action. 7. Click Update Settings.

Reindexing an individual namespace

1. In the Search panel for the namespace, in the Reindex section of the Search panel, in the first field, select either:

Metadata Query Engine to have the metadata query engine reindex the namespace HCP Search Facility to have the HCP search facility reindex the namespaces The Reindex section displays either Namespace indexed or Namespace not indexed to indicate whether the namespace is currently included in the index for the selected search facility.

2. Select either All objects or Objects modified after.

If you select Objects modified after, either type a date in the associated field or click the calendar control ( If you enter an invalid date using the correct date format, HCP tries to convert it to a real date. For example, if you enter 11/31/2015, HCP converts it to 12/01/2015.

) to select a date. If you type a date, use this format: mm/dd/yyyy

3. Click Reindex Objects.

If you selected All objects, a confirming message appears.