The severity of the event. Possible values are: Notice

The event is normal and requires no special action. Events of this severity are informational only. Examples are:

Namespace created

Privileged delete requested

Warning

The event is out of the ordinary and may require manual intervention. Examples are:

Namespace over soft quota User account failed login Error

The event is serious and most likely requires manual intervention. Examples are:

HCP found an irreparable object Object did not replicate

The date and time at which the event occurred, shown in the time zone of the HCP system.

A short description of the event.

To view more details about an event, click anywhere in the row containing the event message. To hide the details, click again in the row.

The details displayed for an event are:

The user ID of the event initiator For user-initiated events, the port through which HCP received the event request For user initiated events, the IP address from which the event request was sent The message ID The full text of the event message

Managing the message list

You can take the following actions in any of the views of the tenant log:

To display details for all the listed events, click expand all. To hide all details, click collapse all. To view a different number of messages per page, select the number you want in the Items per page field.

To page forward or backward, click the next (

) or back (

) control, respectively.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

264/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

To filter the events displayed for the tenant, you can use the Search option. This option allows you to view All Events, Security Events, and Compliance Events based on a user-specified date range, event ID, or node. Viewing the Active Directory log

The Active Directory log lists the unassigned Service Principal Names of the tenant. If there are no SPNs or the system is not set to warn you about missing SPNs, the log states that the system is properly configured. If the tenant is missing an SPN, then it is listed here. This page is only visible if AD is enabled on both the System Management Console and Tenant Management Console.

Roles: To view the Active Directory log, you need the monitor, administrator, and security roles.

To display the Active Directory Status panel, in the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, select Security > Active Directory.

Enabling syslog logging

An HCP system can be configured to send system-level log messages to one or more specified syslog servers. You can choose to also send tenant log messages to those servers. The system-level configuration determines whether compliance and security messages are sent along with the other tenant log messages. You use the Syslog page in the Tenant Management Console to enable or disable sending tenant log messages to the syslog servers. To display this page, in the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, select Monitoring > Syslog.

To view the Syslog page, you need the monitor or administrator role. To enable or disable syslog logging, you need the administrator role.

1. On the Syslog page, select (to enable) or deselect (to disable) Enable syslog logging.

If the HCP system is not configured for syslog logging, selecting this option has no effect.

2. Click Update Settings. Enabling SNMP logging

An HCP system can be configured to send system-level log messages to one or more specified SNMP managers. You can choose to also send tenant log messages to those managers. The system-level configuration determines whether compliance and security messages are sent along with the other tenant log messages.

You use the SNMP page in the Tenant Management Console to enable or disable sending tenant log messages to the SNMP managers. To display this page, in the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, select Monitoring > SNMP.

To view the SNMP page, you need the monitor or administrator role. To enable or disable SNMP logging, you need the administrator role.

1. On the SNMP page, select (to enable) or deselect (to disable) Enable SNMP logging.

If the HCP system is not configured for SNMP logging, selecting this option has no effect.