When an HCP S Series storage component is in use, you can pause it at any time. Pausing the component makes it inaccessible for all read and write operations and for storage tiering. After you resume the component, it becomes available again for read and write operations and for tiering. 1. Go to the Storage > Components page.

2. Click an S Series Node.

The Storage > Node page opens.

3. Click the Manage tab.

4. Click Pause Component.

After the storage component is paused, the button is replaced with Resume Component.

5. To resume communication between HCP and the storage component, click Resume Component. Deleting an HCP S Series storage component

If the storage represented by an HCP S Series storage component is not being used to store objects in any namespaces defined on the HCP system, you can safely delete that

storage component.

1. Retire the storage component.

2. On the Storage > Retirement page, click the retired S Series Node.

3. Click Delete Volume. If the node is not successfully retired, the Delete Volume button is inaccessible. Abandoning an HCP S Series storage component

Abandoning an HCP S Series storage component removes the associated S Series Node from the HCP system. This can be done regardless of whether data is tiered to the S

Series Node. If you abandon an S Series Node without retiring its data, that data becomes inaccessible even if you add the S Series Node to the system again. As a general rule, you should retire and delete a component instead of abandoning it.

1. Go to the Storage > Components page.

2. Click an S Series Node.

3. On the Storage > Node page that opens, click the Manage tab.

4. Click Abandon Component. 5. In the Confirm: Abandon Component window, type Yes in the text field. 6. Click Abandon.

Working with buckets and accounts on an HCP S Series storage component

The Buckets tab of an S Series Node on the Storage > Components page shows the buckets defined on the S Series Node and the S Series Node user accounts to which they are assigned. Each bucket shows how many bytes of data it’s currently storing, whether it’s in use, and alerts. Once you add an S Series Node to the HCP system, a bucket and user

account are automatically created. More buckets can be created manually through the storage component.

Creating a bucket

1. Go to the Storage > Components page.

2. Click an S Series Node. 3. On the Storage > Node page, click the Buckets tab.

4. Click Add Buckets.

5. In the Select Account section that opens, select the account you want to own the bucket.

6. Click Go.

7. Click Bucket Actions.

8. Select Create new in the Action field.

9. Type the name of the new bucket in the Bucket Name text box.

A bucket name must be at least three and no more than 63 characters long. Bucket names must be a series of one or more labels. Adjacent labels are separated by a single period (.). Bucket names can contain lowercase letters, numbers, and dashes. Each label must start and end with a lowercase letter or a number. Bucket names must not be

formatted as an IP address.

10. Click Go.

11. Click Finish.

Deleting a bucket

1. Go to the Storage > Components page.

2. Click an S Series Node.

3. On the Storage > Node page, click the Buckets tab.

4. Click the delete control on the right side of the bucket. A Confirm: Delete window appears.

5. Click Delete.

Adding an existing bucket to an HCP S Series storage component

Buckets can be created and not added to their respective account. When this occurs, the buckets are not displayed on the Buckets tab and cannot have objects tiered to them from the HCP system.

1. On the Buckets tab, click Add Buckets.

A Select Account drop down menu appears.

2. Select the account to which the bucket is assigned and click Continue.

All buckets assigned to the account appear in the Available Buckets field. Buckets that are already added to the account are selected.

3. Select the buckets you want to add from the Available Buckets field.

4. Click Finish.