To view the SSL configuration for replication, you need the monitor or administrator role. To configure SSL for replication, you need the administrator role. 1. In the top-level menu of the HCP System Management Console, select Services > > Replication. 2. On the left side of the Replication page, click Certificates. 3. On the replication Certificates page, click Trusted Replication. The Trusted Replication panel shows this information about each trusted replication server certificate: Server Certificate Domain

The distinguished name for the certificate

Valid On

The date and time at which the certificate goes (or went) into effect

Expires On

The date and time at which the certificate expires (or expired)

4. In the Trusted Replication section, click Browse. Then select the file containing the downloaded SSL server certificate.

5. Click Upload Certificate.

The Trusted Replication section displays the uploaded certificate.

Note: You can also download a trusted replication server certificate. To do this, click the download control ( ) for the certificate in the Trusted Replication section.

Deleting a trusted replication server certificate

You can delete trusted replication server certificates. You may want to do this, for example, with certificates that become invalid.

You can delete a trusted replication server certificate only while all links in which the system participates are suspended.

To view the SSL configuration for replication, you need the monitor or administrator role. To configure SSL for replication, you need the administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu of the HCP System Management Console, select Services > > Replication. 2. On the left side of the Replication page, click Certificates. 3. On the replication Certificates page, click Trusted Replication.

4. In the Trusted Replication panel, click the delete control ( 5. In response to the confirming message, click Remove Certificate.

) for the certificate you want to delete.

Working with replication links A replication link provides all the information the Replication service needs to perform its functions. You can create a link in the HCP System Management Console for either of the systems involved in the link.

When you create a link, you specify whether it is active/active, the outbound side of an active/passive link (that is, the primary system), or the inbound side of an active/passive link (that is, the replica). Once a link exists, you can select HCP tenants, default-namespace directories, and, for active/passive links only, other links to replicate on the link.

You can modify replication links at any time. You can also delete replication links. However, this action should be taken only with a full understanding of the consequences.

This section of the Help contains considerations and instructions for performing the activities mentioned above. To view a replication link, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, manage, modify, or delete a replication link, you need the administrator role.

You can also use the HCP management API to create, manage, modify, and delete replication links.

Link properties

You create a replication link on either one of the systems you want to participate in the link. When you first create the link, you set these properties:

The link name. Optionally, a description of the link. The link type. This can be active/active, outbound (for an active/passive link you’re creating on the primary system), or inbound (for an active/passive link you’re creating on the replica). Whether HCP should compress and/or encrypt data before transmitting it to the other system. For an active/active link, these settings apply to data being replicated in both directions on the link. Whether priority should be given to objects with the oldest changes, regardless of namespace, or processing should be balanced across namespaces. For an active/active link, this setting applies to both systems involved in the link. The identity of the other system you want to participate in the link. You can identify the other system either by domain name or by the IP addresses of storage nodes in that system. The port on which the other system will listen for transmissions from the system where you’re creating the link. Typically, you accept the default of 5748. If the system where you’re creating the link uses network address translation (NAT):

The domain name or IP addresses the other system should use to communicate with the system where you’re creating the link The port on which the system where you’re creating the link will listen for transmissions from the other system