1. Open the HCP System Management Console. 2. From the top-level menu, select Security > Domains and Certificates. The Domains and Certificates page opens.

3. In the list of domains, click the name of the domain that you want to add a certificate to. 4. In the panel that opens, click New Certificate. 5. Select one of these options: Generate and install self-signed certificate Generate CSR Install PKCS12 certificate

6. Take one of these actions:

If you selected Generate and install self-signed certificate, click Generate Certificate.

If you selected Generate CSR, click Generate CSR. If you selected Install PKCS12 certificate, click Install Certificate.

After you generate a CSR, you need to download it to a file that you can send to the CA. Later, when you receive the certificate from the CA, you need to upload it to HCP. Creating a CSR

You can create a CSR when you create a new domain or add a new certificate to an existing domain.

To view existing domains and SSL server certificates, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create and delete domains and SSL server certificates, you need the administrator role.

1. Open the HCP System Management Console.

2. From the top-level menu, select Security > Domains and Certificates.

The Domains and Certificates page opens.

3. Select Generate CSR.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

131/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The Generate CSR section opens.

4. Fill in the field values that a CA needs to generate an SSL server certificate.

Check with the CA that you plan to use to learn what information is needed. Common Name (CN) field

Required. Type the common name for the certificate. This value can range from 1-255 characters long and can contain any Latin-1 characters, including white space.

Organizational Unit (OU) field

Type the name of the organizational unit that will use the certificate, for example, the name of a division or the name under which your company does business. This field accepts only alphanumeric characters. Do not include a comma (,), plus (+), or equals (=) sign. Organization (O) field

Type the full legal name of your company. This field accepts only alphanumeric characters. Do not include a comma (,), plus (+), or equals (=) sign.

Location (L) field

Type the name of the city where your company headquarters are located. State/Province (ST) field

Type the full name of the state or province where your company headquarters are located.

Deleting a certificate or CSR

You can delete a SSL server certificate or CSR from a domain by using the HCP System Management Console.

Deleting a SSL server certificate or CSR from a domain is subject to several restrictions:

If the domain is associated with any networks, it must have at least one SSL server certificate. If the domain is not associated with any networks, it must have at least one SSL server certificate or CSR.

To view existing domains and SSL server certificates, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create and delete domains and SSL server certificates, you need the administrator role.

1. Open the HCP System Management Console. 2. From the top-level menu, select Security > Domains and Certificates. The Domains and Certificates page opens. 3. In the list of domains, click the name of the domain that has the certificate or CSR that you want to delete.

4. In the panel that opens, click the delete control ( 5. In response to the confirm message, click Delete.

) in the Certificate Details or CSR Details section for the applicable certificate or CSR. Downloading a CSR

You can download a CSR by using the HCP System Management Console.

To view existing domains and SSL server certificates, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create and delete domains and SSL server certificates, you need the administrator role.

1. Open the HCP System Management Console. 2. From the top-level menu, select Security > Domains and Certificates. The Domains and Certificates page opens.