142/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The All Events panel on the System Events page lists all event messages logged since the HCP system was installed. By default, the panel displays 20 messages at a time in reverse chronological order.

To view the All Events panel, you need the monitor, administrator, security, service, or compliance role. However, only users with the security role can see messages about attempts to log into the System Management Console with an invalid user name.

You can display the All Events panel.

Tip: Use the Search filter to monitor system events based on a user-specified date range, event ID, or node. For more information, see Managing the message list. 1. In the top-level menu of the System Management Console, select Monitoring > System Events. 2. On the left side of the System Events page, click All Events.

Viewing the system security log

The Security Events panel on the System Events page lists all messages about attempts to log into the System Management Console with an invalid username that have occurred since the HCP system was installed. By default, the panel displays 20 messages at a time in reverse chronological order.

Note: To view the Security Events panel, you need the security role.

To view the All Events panel, you need the monitor, administrator, security, service, or compliance role. However, only users with the security role can see messages about attempts to log into the System Management Console with an invalid user name.

You can display the All Events panel. Tip: Use the Search filter to monitor security events based on a user-specified date range, event ID, or node. For more information, see Managing the message list.

1. In the top-level menu of the System Management Console, select Monitoring > System Events. 2. On the left side of the System Events page, click Security Events.

Understanding log messages

Each message displayed in the All Events and Security Events panel includes this information about an event: The user name of the event initiator:

For user-initiated events, this is the user name currently associated with the user account used by the user who initiated the event. These considerations apply:

For an HCP user account, if the account has been deleted, the user name is followed by the letter D in parentheses. For an AD user account, if the account has been deleted or if HCP currently cannot contact AD, the user name for the message is blank.

For system-initiated events, the user name is [internal]. For events initiated through SNMP, the user name is [snmp].

For events initiated by HCP service or support personnel by means other than the System Management Console or SNMP, the user name is [service].

The severity of the event. Possible values are: Notice

The event is normal and requires no special action. Events of this severity are informational only. Examples are:

Node started Protection service finished: run complete Syslog settings changed

Warning

The event is out of the ordinary and may require manual intervention. Examples are:

Storage capacity warning Protection service beginning repairs Remote authentication server error

Error

The event is serious and most likely requires manual intervention. Examples are:

Storage capacity critical Volume failure

Network interface down

The date and time at which the event occurred, shown for the time zone in which the HCP system is located. A short description of the event.

To view more details about an event, click anywhere in the row containing the event message. To hide the details, click again in the row.

The details displayed for an event are:

The user ID of the event initiator For user-initiated events, the port through which HCP received the event request For user-initiated events, the IP address from which the event request was sent The message ID

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

143/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The number of the node on which the event occurred

If the event applies to a specific logical volume, the volume ID The full text of the event message

Managing the message list

You can manage the message list using the All Events panel and the Search option. Using the All Events Panel