} Hitachi API for Amazon S3 XML schema

HCP uses the Amazon S3 schema to validate the XML in S3 compatible API request bodies and to generate the XML in S3 compatible API response bodies. To view this schema, navigate to the following page:

https://admin.hcp-domain-name/static/xsd/AmazonS3.xsd

Using a Namespace Overview

Introduction to Hitachi Content Platform

Hitachi Content Platform (HCP) is a distributed storage system designed to support large, growing repositories of fixed-content data. HCP stores objects that include both data and metadata that describes the data.

HCP provides access to stored objects through a variety of industry-standard protocols, as well as through various HCP-specific interfaces.

This chapter introduces basic HCP concepts and includes information on what you can do with an HCP namespace. About Hitachi Content Platform

Hitachi Content Platform is a combination of hardware and software that provides an object-based data storage environment. An HCP repository stores all types of data, from simple text files to medical images to multigigabyte database images.

HCP provides easy access to the repository for adding, retrieving, and deleting data. HCP uses write-once, read-many (WORM) storage technology and a variety of policies and internal processes to ensure the integrity of the stored data and the efficient use of storage capacity Object-based storage

HCP stores objects in a repository. Each object permanently associates data HCP receives (for example, a document, an image, or a movie) with information about that data, called metadata.

An object encapsulates:

Fixed-content data

An exact digital reproduction of data as it existed before it was stored in HCP. Once it’s in the repository, this fixed-content data cannot be modified. System metadata

System-managed properties that describe the fixed-content data (for example, its size and creation date). System metadata includes policies, such as retention and data protection level, that influence how transactions and internal processes affect the object.

Custom metadata

Optional metadata that a user or application provides to further describe the object. Custom metadata is specified as one or more annotations, where each annotation is a discrete unit of information about the object. Annotations are typically specified in XML format. You can use custom metadata to create self-describing objects. Users and applications can use this metadata to understand and repurpose object content. Access control list (ACL)

Optional metadata consisting of a set of grants of permissions to perform various operations on the object. Permissions can be granted to individual users or to groups of users. ACLs are provided by users or applications and are specified in either XML or JSON format.

HCP can store multiple versions of an object, thus providing a history of how the data has changed over time. Each version is a separate object, with its own system metadata and, optionally, its own custom metadata and ACL.

HCP supports multipart uploads with the Hitachi API for Amazon S3. With a multipart upload, the data for an object is broken into multiple parts that are written to HCP independently of each other. Even though the data is written in multiple parts, the result of a multipart upload is a single object. An object for which the data is stored in multiple parts is called a multipart object. Namespaces and tenants

An HCP repository is partitioned into namespaces. A namespace is a logical grouping of objects such that the objects in one namespace are not visible in any other namespace.

Namespaces provide a mechanism for separating the data stored for different applications, business units, or customers. For example, you could have one namespace for accounts receivable and another for accounts payable.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

687/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Namespaces also enable operations to work against selected subsets of repository objects. For example, you could perform a query that targets the accounts receivable and accounts payable namespaces but not the employees namespace. Namespaces are owned and managed by administrative entities called tenants. A tenant typically corresponds to an organization such as a company or a division or department within a company.

Namespace access

HCP supports access to namespace content through several namespace access protocols, the HCP Namespace Browser, the HCP metadata query API, and the HCP Search Console. Namespace access protocols