For single sign-on to work, your web browser must be configured to support it.

Log into the Console using a recognized AD user account other than the one with which you’re currently logged in to Windows.

A session ends when you log out.

During a session, if you don’t take any action for a certain amount of time, the Console automatically logs you out if you explicitly logged in or, in the case of single sign-on, returns

you to the Simple Search page. The exact amount of idle time allowed is determined by the tenant configuration. Logging into the Search Console

1. Open a web browser window.

2. In the address field, enter the URL for the Search Console.

One of these happens:

If all of these are true, you are automatically logged in to the Search Console, and the Simple Search page appears:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

878/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The tenant is configured to support AD authentication. Your web browser is configured to support single sign-on with AD.

You are currently logged in to Windows with a recognized AD user account.

In this case, no further action is required.

If the tenant is configured to support AD authentication but any of the following apply, a message appears indicating that single sign-on was not possible:

Your web browser is not configured to support single sign-on. You are not currently logged in to Windows with a recognized AD user account. You are not on a Windows computer.

In these cases, you need to click Console login page in the message to display the Search Console login page.

If the tenant is not configured to support AD authentication, the Search Console login page appears. 3. On the Search Console login page, if HCP is configured to support AD, take either of these actions in the Domain field:

If you’re using an HCP user account, select the fully qualified name of the HCP system. If you’re using a recognized AD user account, select the AD domain in which your user account is defined.

If HCP is not configured to support AD, the login page does not display the Domain field.

4. In the Username field, type your user name.

5. In the Password field, type your case-sensitive password.

Important: If you’re using an HCP user account, you should change your password as soon as possible the first time you log into the Search Console. 6. Click Log In.

The Search Console displays the Simple Search page (shown below) or, if you logged in using a user account that’s defined in HCP and you’re required to change your

password, the Account Management page.

Logging out of the Search Console

1. Click Log out in the top right corner of the page.

The Console returns to the login page. To continue using the Search Console, you need to log in again.

2. If you explicitly logged in, close the browser window to ensure that other users cannot go back into the Search Console using the credentials you used to log in. Search Console pages and navigation

Each page in the Search Console lets you perform a specific activity. To navigate among the pages, you can use the tabs at the top of the page. You can also use shortcut keys for

navigation. Each link that has a shortcut key has one letter underlined. To use the shortcut key, follow the convention for the browser you’re using.

While the metadata query engine is active, on each page, the Search Console indicates how current the index is by showing the date and time before which eligible objects are guaranteed to be indexed. That is, any eligible object that was added to a namespace or that had a metadata change before the indicated date and time is guaranteed to be

indexed. Objects that were added or had metadata changes after that date and time may or may not be indexed.

Search Console pages do not automatically refresh themselves while they remain open. To see the latest results for the current search, use your browser refresh button. When you switch from one page to another, the Console does not retain the search on the original page (neither the query nor the search results). To see that search again, you can