The list below describes request-specific HTTP response headers returned by a successful request.

ETag

The ETag of the object or version enclosed in double quotation marks ("). This header is returned only if the object has an ETag.

X-HCP-CustomMetadata Hash

The cryptographic hash algorithm HCP uses and the cryptographic hash value of the stored annotation, in this format: X-HCP-CustomMetadataHash: hash-algorithm hash-value

You can use the returned hash value to verify that the content of the stored annotation is the same as the annotation content you sent. To do this, compare this value with a

hash value that you generate from the original annotation content.

This header is returned only if the request contains both data and custom metadata. X-HCP-Hash

The cryptographic hash algorithm HCP uses, along with the cryptographic hash value stored for the object, in this format:

X-HCP-Hash: hash-algorithmhash-value

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

715/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

You can use the returned hash value to verify that the stored data is the same as the data you sent. To perform the verification, compare this value with a hash value that you generate from the original data.

The X-HCP-Hash

header is not returned for multipart objects.

X-HCP-VersionId

The version ID of the object.

Response body

Not applicable.

Status codes

The table below describes the HTTP status codes that have specific meaning for this request.

Code

Meaning

Description

201

Created

HCP successfully stored the object. If versioning is enabled and an object with the same name already exists, HCP created a new version of the object.

304 Not Modified

A request to store a new version of an existing object specified an If-Modified-Since header, and the

change time of the current version is at or before the time specified in the header.

400

Bad Request One of:

The URL in the request is not well-formed. The request has a Content-Encoding header that specifies gzip, but the data is not in Gzip compressed format.

The request has a type=whole-object query parameter, and either: The request does not have an X-HCP-Size header.

The X-HCP-Size header value is greater than the content length.

The namespace has custom metadata XML checking enabled, and the request included an

annotation that is not well-formed XML.

If the request that causes this error contains both object data and an annotation, HCP creates an empty object before it returns the error. To resolve this issue, you can either:

Fix the annotation and retry the request. Store the object again without the annotation, thereby replacing the empty object. You can

then fix the annotation at a later time and add it in a separate request.

A request to store a version of an existing object included an If-Match or If-None-Match header and the object does not yet have an ETag. The request contains an unsupported query parameter or an invalid value for a query parameter.

If more information about the error is available, the HTTP response headers include the HCP product- specific X‑HCP-ErrorMessage header.

403

Forbidden

One of:

The Authorization header or hcp-ns-auth cookie specifies invalid credentials. The namespace requires client authentication, and the request does not have an Authorization header or hcp-ns-auth cookie.

The user does not have write permission. For a request to store a version of an existing object, the object is under retention.

The namespace does not exist. The access method (HTTP or HTTPS) is disabled.

If more information about the error is available, the HTTP response headers include the HCP product- specific X‑HCP-ErrorMessage header.

409 Conflict

One of:

HCP could not store the object in the namespace because the object already exists and versioning is not enabled.

HCP could not store a new version of an existing object because another version is currently being added.

HCP could not evaluate conditional headers because a version of the object is currently being added.