b. To specify REST authentication requirements, below the Enable REST API option, select either Authenticated access only or Anonymous and authenticated access. c. (Optional) Select or deselect Enable Active Directory single sign-on to allow or disallow, respectively, single sign-on to the namespace with Active Directory

authentication. This option appears only if the tenant supports AD for user authentication.

The option to enable AD single sign-on for REST is synchronized with the same option for the S3 compatible API. Enabling or disabling either enables of disables the other, respectively.

To help ensure that AD single sign-on is available for those namespaces that need it, enable it only for those namespaces.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

286/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

After this option is disabled, you can reenable it only while HCP can communicate with AD.

3. Enable the S3 compatible API.

a. Select Enable Hitachi API for Amazon S3.

This option is available only if Enable HTTP or Enable HTTPS is already selected.

Above the Enable Hitachi API for Amazon S3 option, the panel shows the URL for access to the namespace through the S3 compatible API. If the HTTPS port is open or if neither the HTTPS or HTTP port is open, this URL starts with https. If only the HTTP port is open, the URL starts with http. b. To specify S3 compatible authentication requirements, below the Enable Hitachi API for Amazon S3 option, select either Authenticated access only or Anonymous

and authenticated access.

c. Optionally, select or deselect Enable Active Directory single sign-on to allow or disallow, respectively, single sign-on to the namespace with Active Directory

authentication. This option appears only if the tenant supports AD for user authentication.

4. Enable the WebDAV API. a. Select Enable WebDAV API.

This option is available only if Enable HTTP or Enable HTTPS is already selected.

Above the Enable WebDAV API option, the panel shows the URL for access to the namespace through the WebDAV API. If the HTTPS port is open or if neither the HTTPS or HTTP port is open, this URL starts with https. If only the HTTP port is open, the URL starts with http.

b. Select Enable WebDAV basic authentication. c. In the Username field, type the user name to use for basic authentication.

User names must be from one through 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters but cannot start with an opening square bracket ([). White space is allowed. User names are not case sensitive.

d. In the Password field, type the password to use for basic authentication. Passwords can be up to 64 characters long, are case sensitive, and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space. The minimum password length is the same as the minimum password length for HCP user accounts, which is configurable. To be valid, a password must include at least one character from two of these three groups: alphabetic, numeric, and other.

If you’re modifying settings in the HTTP(S) panel and you leave the Password field empty, the previously set password remains in effect.

e. In the Confirm Password field, type the password again.

Tip: Be sure to tell WebDAV users the username and password you specify.

f. (Optional) Enable WebDAV users to store dead properties as custom metadata by selecting Use custom metadata to store WebDAV properties.

5. Click Update Settings.

If you selected Enable HTTP and also selected Enable REST API, Enable Hitachi API for Amazon S3, or Enable WebDAV API, a confirming message appears.

6. Click Update Settings.

Set the IP addresses to be allowed or denied access

The HTTP(S) panel has two sections for enabling and configuring the REST, S3 compatible, and WebDAV APIs. This procedure is for the Allow/Deny section. Optionally, in the Allow/Deny section, specify IP addresses to be allowed or denied access to the namespace through the REST, S3 compatible, and WebDAV APIs. To specify how HCP should handle IP addresses that appear in both or neither of the Allow and Deny lists, select or deselect Allow request when same IP is used in both lists. Changes to this option take effect immediately.