The graphs are: Writes (bytes)

Displays the number of bytes of data written to storage represented by the pool.

For an HCP S Series storage pool, this number includes:

Bytes written both with the pool included in the ingest tier and with the pool included in a non-ingest tier.

Bytes written for all parts of multipart uploads regardless of whether the upload of the part has finished, the part was subsequently replaced, the multipart upload was aborted, or the part was not used in the completed multipart upload. Writes (operations)

Displays the number of successful write operations that targeted storage represented by the pool.

Each write of a part of a multipart object counts as a separate write operation.

For an HCP S Series storage component:

This number includes write operations both with the pool included in the ingest tier and with the pool included in a non-ingest tier. Each write of a part of a multipart upload counts as a separate write operation. This applies even if the part was subsequently replaced, the multipart upload was

aborted, or the part was not used in the completed multipart upload. Reads (bytes)

Displays the number of bytes of data read from storage represented by the pool.

Reads (operations)

Displays the number of read operations that successfully retrieved data from storage represented by the pool.

Each read of a part of a multipart object counts as a separate read operation.

Bucket, container, or mount point list for HCP S Series and extended storage pools

The Buckets, Containers, or Mount Points tab on the details page for an HCP S Series or extended storage pool lists the items of the applicable type that are included in storage

components that are of the same type as the pool. The list is ordered alphabetically by the components that include the listed items. For each listed item, this tab shows: A checkbox

Whether the bucket, container, or mount point is assigned to a storage pool. A checkmark in the box indicates that the item is assigned to a pool.

Component

The name of the component that includes the bucket, container, or mount point.

Account

The account label associated with the component that includes the bucket or container. This column is not present for NFS mount points. Bucket, Container, or Mount Point

The name of the bucket, container, or mount point.

Compliant

Whether the component that includes the bucket, container, or mount point is marked compliant. A green checkmark indicates that the component is marked compliant.

Alerts

If an issue exists with the bucket, container, or mount point, either a warning icon ( ) or an error icon (

), will appear depending on the severity of the issue.

To view text describing the condition that is causing an alert, hover your cursor over the alert icon.

Understanding the service plan list

The Service Plans page in the HCP System Management Console lists all service plans currently defined on the HCP system. You can display this page.

1. In the top-level menu of the HCP System Management Console, click Storage. 2. On the left side of the Storage page, click Service Plans.

For each listed service plan, the storage Service Plans page shows:

Name

The service plan name.

Tenants

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

70/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The number of tenants with one or more namespaces that use the service plan.

Namespaces

The number of namespaces that use the service plan. Status

The service plan status:

Active

The service plan is not retired.

Retired

A user retired the service plan. While a service plan is retired, it cannot be associated with any additional tenants or namespaces. However, the plan is still being used by the namespaces that were already using it. Compliant

Whether the service plan is compliant. A green checkmark indicates that the service plan is compliant.

A service plan is considered compliant if each tier in the plan includes at least one compliant storage pool. A storage pool is considered compliant if it includes at least

one compliant component. Only compliant service plans can be associated with namespaces that are in compliance mode.

Understanding service plan usage details