2. If you explicitly logged in, close the browser window to ensure that other users cannot go back into the Search Console using the credentials you used to log in. Search Console pages and navigation

Each page in the Search Console lets you perform a specific activity. To navigate among the pages, you can use the tabs at the top of the page. You can also use shortcut keys for

navigation. Each link that has a shortcut key has one letter underlined. To use the shortcut key, follow the convention for the browser you’re using.

While the metadata query engine is active, on each page, the Search Console indicates how current the index is by showing the date and time before which eligible objects are guaranteed to be indexed. That is, any eligible object that was added to a namespace or that had a metadata change before the indicated date and time is guaranteed to be

indexed. Objects that were added or had metadata changes after that date and time may or may not be indexed.

Search Console pages do not automatically refresh themselves while they remain open. To see the latest results for the current search, use your browser refresh button. When you switch from one page to another, the Console does not retain the search on the original page (neither the query nor the search results). To see that search again, you can

either recreate it or use the browser back button to return to it. Alternatively, you can save it before you switch pages.

Viewing search documentation

HCP documentation is available online in PDF format. To view a document from the Search Console, take either of these actions:

In the top right corner of the Search Console window, place the cursor on Documentation. Then, in the dropdown menu, click the document you want.

In the top right corner of the Search Console window, click Documentation. Then, on the Documentation page, click the document you want.

Changing your password If you used a locally authenticated HCP user account to log into the Search Console, you can change your password in this Console. When you change your password in the Console, the password also changes for any other HCP interfaces to which your user account gives you access.

The next procedure describes how to change your password using the Search Console.

1. Click the Account Management tab. 2. On the Account Management page, in the Change Password for User section: a. In the Existing Password field, type your current password. b. In the New Password field, type your new password.

Passwords can be up to 64 characters long, are case sensitive, and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters including white space. To be valid, a password must include at least one character from two of these three groups: alphabetic, numeric, and other. When changing your password, you cannot reuse your current password.

c. In the Confirm New Password field, type the new password again.

3. Click Submit.

Working with simple searches

Simple searches are one of the three types of searches you can perform from the HCP Search Console. A simple search is based solely on word matching. You can specify multiple

words or phrases to search for, and you can use wildcards to find more matches. Simple searches do not support the use of metadata as search criteria.

This chapter provides instructions for performing simple searches. It explains the rules for specifying the search criteria and the options that determine whether objects are included in the search results. It also includes several examples.

Once you have the results of a simple search, you can filter and export them. You can also save the search criteria as a reusable query.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

879/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM Content Platform System Management Help

Note: When the metadata query engine is active, the Simple Search page is called the Simple Query page and simple searches are called simple queries.

About simple searches

Simple queries compare the specified text to the names of objects and, depending on how indexing is configured, the content of custom metadata that is well-formed XML.

To perform a simple search, you use the Simple Search page of the Search Console. On this page, you can type one or more separate words or phrases (called search terms) and select one of three kinds of comparison:

Any of these words

returns objects that match at least one of the specified search terms.

All of these words

returns objects that match every one of the specified search terms.