If an extended storage tier contains multiple storage pools, HCP evenly distributes object data that is stored on that tier across all of those pools. For this reason, each extended

storage pool that is configured for a given storage tier should be configured to use the same compression setting (enabled or disabled). If you change the encryption or compression setting for a given HCP S Series or extended storage pool, the change affects only the data that is stored after you make the change.

HCP does not change the data that is already stored on the storage that is used for the pool. As a result, an HCP S Series or extended storage pool may contain both encrypted and

unencrypted data and both compressed and uncompressed data at the same time.

Downloading an encryption key

You use the Storage Certificates & Keys page of the System Management Console to download an encryption key.

1. In the System Management Console, click the Storage tab at the top of the page. The Storage Overview page opens.

2. On the side pane, click the Certificates & Keys tab. The Storage Certificates & Keys page opens.

3. In the Encryption Keys pane, click the Download Key (

) next to the key that you want to download.

For an encryption key, the download requires you to specify a password. HCP uses this password to encrypt the key before downloading it. The Download Encryption Key dialog box opens.

4. In the Secret Key password field, type a password for the key. The password can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space.

5. In the Confirm Password field, type the password again. Then click Download. 6. Save the key file.

Uploading an encryption key

You use the Storage Certificates & Keys page of the System Management Console to upload a storage encryption key. This operation is available only if the cluster does not contain

any objects. The operation is used for disaster recovery.

1. In the System Management Console, click the Storage tab at the top of the page. The Storage Overview page opens.

2. On the side pane, click the Certificates & Keys tab.

The Storage Certificates & Keys page opens.

3. In the Encryption Keys pane, click Upload Key. The Upload Key dialog box opens.

a. In the Secret Key Password field, enter the password for the key.

b. For the Key File field, click Browse and select the PGP private key file that you want to upload. c. Click Upload Key.

The dialog box closes. At the top of the Storage Certificates & Keys page, a success or error message appears. Working with HCP S Series storage components

HCP uses HCP S Series storage components to:

Monitor the general health, read permissions, and write permissions of the storage

Manage node settings

Add buckets and accounts

Suspend or abandon the HCP S Series storage

Configure advanced settings

Add an S Series Node to your HCP system

When you add an HCP S Series Node to your HCP system, HCP automatically creates a storage component, a storage pool (if an HCP S Series storage pool does not already

exist), and a bucket. A user account is also created. The user account is granted permission to manage buckets and storage pools. Bucket creation

The bucket that HCP creates when you add an S Series Node is available only to that HCP system. The name of this bucket is:

hcpsrv-hcp-system-name

If a bucket with that name already exists, which can happen if the S Series Node is added to the HCP system a second time, HCP creates a new bucket named: hcpsrv-hcp-system-name0

Subsequently, each time HCP automatically creates a new bucket on the S Series Node, HCP either increments the numeric suffix on the bucket name by one or reuses an earlier

name from a deleted HCP software-created bucket.

User account creation

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

40/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The user account that HCP creates when you add an S Series Node is:

hcpsrv-hcp-system-name