4. In the Grantee Type section, select Group. 5. In the Grantee Name section, type the name of the AD group.

6. Click Submit.

On the Structured Query page, a value appears in the value field for the Grant property.

Query for objects with ACLs that grant permissions to all users, including those that access the namespace anonymously

1. Click the select permissions control ( ) next to the value field.

2. In the Grantee has these permissions section, select any combination of Read, Write, Delete, Read ACL, and Write ACL.

ACLs on returned objects can grant more permissions than the ones you select. If you do not select any permissions, ACLs on returned objects grant any combination of permissions.

3. In the Tenant or Domain section, type the name of an HCP tenant. 4. In the Grantee Type section, select Anonymous.

5. Click Submit.

On the Structured Query page, a value appears in the value field for the Grant property.

Query for objects with ACLs that grant permissions to all authenticated users

1. Click the select permissions control ( 2. In the Grantee has these permissions section, select any combination of Read, Write, Delete, Read ACL, and Write ACL. ) next to the value field.

ACLs on returned objects can grant more permissions than the ones you select. If you do not select any permissions, ACLs on returned objects grant any combination of permissions.

3. In the Tenant or Domain section, type the name of the HCP tenant.

4. In the Grantee Type section, select Group. 5. In the Grantee Name section, type authenticated. This value is case sensitive.

6. Click Submit.

On the Structured Query page, a value appears in the value field for the Grant property.

Specifying dates

When a metadata property requires a date value, you can either select the date from a calendar, select the current date and time, or type a value. The first two options appear when you select the metadata property.

Selecting a calendar date

1. Click the calendar icon ( ) next to the value field.

2. In the calendar window that appears, either click the date you want or click Today.

To display the next or previous month, click the forward or back pointer, respectively, in the area showing the month and year.

The selected date appears in the value field in this format: YYYY-MM-DD

In this format, YYYY is the four-digit year, MM is the two-digit month, and DD is the two-digit day. For example, if you select the day shown on the calendar above, the value field shows:

2011-11-05

Typing a date

You can use these three formats to specify the date and, optionally, time for a metadata property: YYYY-MM-DD

YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ssZ

In these formats:

YYYY

the four-digit year

MM

the two-digit month

DD

the two-digit day

hh

hours on a 24-hour clock

mm

minutes

ss

seconds

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

899/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Z

the time is in UTC.

The first two of these formats are assumed to be in the same time zone as the HCP time setting. The third one is in UTC.

Here’s an example of a date and time in the second format shown above:

2011-11-04T14:00:00

Selecting the current date and time

To select the current date and time, click the icon (

) to the right of the calendar icon. The value field shows: $now

Each time you run a saved query that uses the $now variable, the variable is replaced by the current date and time.

Performing a structured search

1. In the Search Console, click the Structured Search tab.