GET or HEAD for an object or

version data and an annotation together

The custom metadata type, one of:

text/xml if HCP checked for well-formed XM L when the annotation was stored unknown otherwise

X-HCP-CustomMetadataFirst

GET for an object or version data

and an annotation together One of:

true if the custom metadata precedes the object data. false if the object data precedes the custom metadata.

X-HCP-CustomMetadataHash

PUT for object data and an annotation together

The cryptographic hash algorithm HCP uses and the cryptographic

hash value of the stored annotation, in this format: X-HCP-CustomMetadataHash: hash-algorithm hash-value

You can use the returned hash value to verify that the stored

annotation is the same as the custom metadata you sent. To do this, compare this value with a hash value that you generate from the

original custom metadata.

X-HCP-DataContentType

GET for and object or version data and an annotation together

The Internet media type of the object, such as text/plain or image/ jpg. X-HCP-Domain

GET or HEAD for an object or version

The Active Directory domain that contains the user account identified by the X-HCP-Owner header.

This value is an empty string if the X-HCP-Owner header identifies a user account defined in HCP or if the object has no owner.

If the X-HCP-Owner header returns a user account ID or nobody, the value of the X-HCP-Domain header is one of several invalid domains that begin with the percent sign (%). These values have meanings internal to the HCP system.

X-HCP-DPL

GET or HEAD for an object or version

The data protection level of the object or version.

X‑HCP-ErrorMessage

All

Detailed information about the cause of an error.

This header is returned only if a request results in a 400, 403, or 503

error code and HCP has specific information about the cause.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

822/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Header

Methods

Description

X-HCP-GID

GET or HEAD for an object or version

The POSIX group ID for the object.

For objects added through the NFS protocol, this value is determined by the NFS client.

This value is an empty string if either of these are true:

The object was added through a protocol other than NFS, and neither the UID nor the GID for the object has been changed.

The HCP owner of the object was changed. X-HCP-Hash

HEAD and GET for an object,

The cryptographic hash algorithm the namespace uses, along with a

version, or annotation

cryptographic hash value of the stored object or annotation:

PUT for an object or annotation

X-HCP-Hash: hash-algorithmhash-value

You can use the returned hash value to verify that the stored data is

the same as the data you sent. To do this, compare this value with a hash value that you generate from the original data.

The X-HCP-Hash header is not returned for multipart objects. X-HCP-Index

HEAD and GET for objects and object versions

A true or false value indicating whether the object is marked for indexing.

X-HCP-IngestProtocol

HEAD and GET for objects and object versions

The namespace access protocol through which the object was added

to the namespace. One of:

CIFS_NFS HTTP SMTP

WebDAV

If HCP cannot determine the protocol through which the object was added, this value is UNKNOWN.

X-HCP-IngestTime

HEAD and GET for objects and

The time when HCP stored the object, in seconds since January 1,

object versions

1970, at 00:00:00 UTC.

X-HCP-LabelRetentionHold

HEAD and GET for objects