exist), and a bucket. A user account is also created. The user account is granted permission to manage buckets and storage pools. Bucket creation

The bucket that HCP creates when you add an S Series Node is available only to that HCP system. The name of this bucket is:

hcpsrv-hcp-system-name

If a bucket with that name already exists, which can happen if the S Series Node is added to the HCP system a second time, HCP creates a new bucket named: hcpsrv-hcp-system-name0

Subsequently, each time HCP automatically creates a new bucket on the S Series Node, HCP either increments the numeric suffix on the bucket name by one or reuses an earlier

name from a deleted HCP software-created bucket.

User account creation

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

40/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The user account that HCP creates when you add an S Series Node is:

hcpsrv-hcp-system-name

If a user account with that username already exists, HCP creates a new user account: hcpsrv-hcp-system-name0

Subsequently, each time HCP creates a new user account on the S Series Node, HCP either increments the numeric suffix on the user name by one or reuses an earlier user name

from a deleted HCP software-created account. Creating an HCP S Series storage component

To create an HCP S Series storage component, you need to add an S Series Node to the HCP system.

You must have the HCP administrator role to create an S Series Node storage component.

Note: Adding an S Series Node using a virtual IP address affects the ability of HCP to load balance traffic across Server Modules of the S Series Node.

Distributing the HCP load across the two Server Modules in the S Series Node requires the following:

A properly set up DNS with a link to the detail setup instructions.

Use the virtual IP addresses in the DNS configuration for the S Series Node FQDN. Use the correct FQDN for the S Series Node specified in the DNS.

Note: Using a virtual IP address instead of a static IP address is critical for high availability in case one of the Server Modules in the S Series Node becomes temporary unavailable.

1. On the Hardware > Nodes page, click Add Node.

The Add Node wizard is displayed. 2. In the Username field, type a user name for an S Series Node user account with the administrator and security roles. 3. In the Password field, type the password for the userrname that you specified in step 2.

4. In the Domain Name field, type the fully qualified domain or virtual IP address of the S Series Node.

If you receive an invalid connection information error message and you are connecting to the S Series Node through an IP address, disable HTTPS in step 7.

5. Optional: If Virtual network management is enabled and the Storage Network field is displayed, select the network that you want HCP to use to communicate with the S Series Node.

If Virtual network management is not enabled, the field does not exist.

6. Optional: To use HTTP with SSL security for S Series Node management requests, select Use HTTPS for Management.

7. Optional: To display additional configuration options, click Advanced.

a. To use HTTP with SSL security for data access requests, select Use HTTPS.

b. In the HTTPS Port field, type the port you want to use to connect to the end point. Default value: 443.

c. In the HTTP Port field, type the port you want to use to connect to the S Series Node. Default value: 80.

d. Optional: To connect to the endpoint, select Use proxy . e. In the Proxy Host field, type the hostname or IP address of the proxy server.

f. In the Proxy Port number field, type the number of the proxy server. Default value: 0.

g. In the Proxy Username field, type the user name of the proxy server.

h. In the Proxy Password field, type the password of the proxy server. i. In the Proxy Domain field, type the AD domain of the proxy server.

8. Click Next.