If you have an active/active replication link, the metadata-only statistics fluctuate during object replication. The Component Usage By Capacity section of the storage Overview page contains:

A bar graph showing the number of bytes used to store objects on storage represented by each storage component defined on the HCP system. Hover your cursor over a bar to see the name of the applicable component and the number of used bytes for that component.

A pie chart showing the number of bytes used to store objects on storage represented by each storage component defined on the HCP system. Hover your cursor over a segment to see, for the applicable component:

The amount of used storage for the component as a percent of the total amount of used storage for all storage components defined on the HCP system The component name The number of used bytes for the component

A legend for the bar graph and pie chart. The legend shows the color used for each storage component and the number of bytes used to store objects on storage

represented by the component.

For an NFS storage component, the number of bytes shown is the total number of bytes used on the NFS storage in the component, including bytes used for the OS, non- HCP files, and system overhead.

The Pool Usage By Capacity section of the storage Overview page contains:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

66/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help A bar graph showing the number of bytes used to store objects on storage represented by each storage pool defined on the HCP system. Hover your cursor over a bar to see the name of the applicable pool and the number of used bytes for that pool. A pie chart showing the number of bytes used to store objects on storage represented by each storage pool defined on the HCP system. Hover your cursor over a segment

to see, for the applicable pool:

The amount of used storage for the pool as a percent of the total amount of used storage for all storage pools defined on the HCP system The pool name The number of used bytes for the pool

A legend for the bar graph and pie chart. The legend shows the color used for each storage pool and the number of bytes used to store objects on storage represented by the pool.

For an NFS storage pool, the number of bytes shown is the total number of bytes used on the NFS storage in the pool, including bytes used for the OS, non-HCP files, and system overhead.

The Service Plan Usage section of the storage Overview page displays service plan usage statistics for tenants or for namespaces. To display the statistics you want, click Tenants

or Namespaces, as applicable, in the top right corner of the section. The Service Plan Usage section contains:

A bar graph for each service plan defined on the HCP system:

In the tenant view, the number of tenants with one or more namespaces that use that service plan. Hover your cursor over a bar to see the name of the applicable service plan and the number of tenants with namespaces using that plan.

In the namespace view, the number of namespaces that use that service plan. Hover your cursor over a bar to see the name of the applicable service plan and the number of namespaces using that plan.

A pie chart for each service plan defined on the HCP system:

In the tenant view, the number of tenants with one or more namespaces that use that service plan. Hover your cursor over a segment to see, for the applicable service plan:

The percent of tenants defined on the HCP system that have namespaces using the service plan The service plan name

The number of tenants with namespaces using the service plan

In the namespace view, the number of namespaces that use that service plan. Hover your cursor over a bar to see, for the applicable service plan:

The percent of namespaces defined on the HCP system that use the service plan The service plan name

The number of namespaces using the service plan

If no namespaces are defined on the HCP system, the Service Plan Usage section does not appear on the storage Overview page.

Understanding the storage component list

The Components page in the HCP System Management Console lists all storage components currently defined on the HCP system. You can display this page.

1. In the top-level menu of the HCP System Management Console, click Storage.

2. On the left side of the Storage page, click Components. For each listed component, the Components page shows: