upgrade is complete, your authorized HCP service provider configures HCP to enable support for IPv6 addresses and then configures the [hcp_system] network to use IPv6 addresses.

When a new node is added to the HCP system, it automatically has IP addresses on each subnet defined for the [hcp_system] network. However, it does not have any IP addresses for any user-defined front-end networks. Those networks, therefore, become partial networks. You can assign IP addresses to the new node for each of those networks at any time.

About the Networks page

To work with networks and network aliases, you use the Networks page in the HCP System Management Console.

The Networks page has four sections:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

78/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Network View

Lets you view, create, modify, and delete networks and network aliases, and monitor the health of individual networks.

Node View

Lets you view, add, modify, and delete the IP addresses assigned to each node for each network. Both the Network View panel and the Node View panel let you view and modify node IP addresses. However, the Network View panel shows the node IP addresses defined for each network, while the Node View panel shows the IP addresses assigned to each node for all networks in which it participates. The Node View panel is particularly useful for assigning IP addresses to nodes that are added to the HCP system after you’ve defined multiple networks. All Zone Definitions

Lets you view the DNS zone definitions that HCP uses for all network domains that are currently defined on the HCP system.

You cannot filter the list of DNS zone definitions that are displayed on the All Zone Definitions panel. However, you can use the Network View panel to display all properties of any specific network, including the zone definition information for that network. Advanced Settings

Lets you enable IP address configurations for the nodes in your networks and enable virtual network management.

To display the Networks page, in the top-level menu, select Configuration > Networks.

The System Management Console opens the Networks > Network View page.

Note: To view the Networks page, you need the monitor, administrator or service role. To create, modify, and delete user-defined networks and network aliases, you need the

administrator role. To modify the [hcp_system] or [hcp_backend] network, you need the service role.

When you use the Configuration menu to access the Networks page, the Networks > Network View is displayed by default. You can then use the tabs on the left side of the page to navigate between sections. About the Network View page

The Networks > Network View page lets you view, create, modify, and delete networks and network aliases, and monitor the health of individual networks. This panel displays a list

of existing networks and network aliases defined for the HCP system and shows basic configuration information and alerts for each network and network alias.

Understanding the network list

The Networks > Network View contains a list of existing networks and network aliases. For each network, this list shows: The network name.

The IP mode currently used for the network. The IP mode for a network indicates the types of IP addresses that the network is configured to use for each node that participates in the network.

If the IP mode for a network is:

IPv4, the network is configured to use only IPv4 addresses IPv6, the network is configured to use only IPv6 addresses

IPv4/IPv6, the network is configured to use both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses All IPv4 and IPv6 subnets that are defined for the network, shown in CIDR format.

The name of the network domain. None, one, or more alert icons representing problems with the network. To see the text that accompanies an icon, hover your cursor over the icon. For each network alias, the list shows:

The alias name The IP mode, IPv4 and IPv6 subnets, and domain name used for the target network

The alerts that apply to the target network

Additionally, the network list displays this icon in the table row that corresponds to the network or alias that’s currently selected as the replication network:

To view more information about a specific network or network alias, or to modify the configuration settings used for that network or network alias, click its name in the network list.