Controlling access to HCP through the management API For you to use the HCP management API with a tenant-level user account, the API must be enabled for both the HCP system and the tenant. Additionally, the API must be configured at the tenant level to allow access from your client IP address.

Enabling the management API also enables the use of the S3 compatible APIs to perform these bucket (S3 compatible API) and container activities:

Create buckets or containers List the buckets or containers you own Enable, disable, or check the status of versioning for a bucket (S3 compatible API only) Add, retrieve (S3 compatible API only), or remove an access control list (ACL) for a bucket or container Delete a bucket or container

You use the Management API page in the Tenant Management Console to enable and configure the management API at the tenant level. To display this page, in the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, select Security > MAPI.

To view and modify the HCP management API configuration, you need the security role. 1. Enable the management API.

In the Management API Settings section:

a. Select Enable the HCP management API. b. Click Update Settings.

2. (Optional) In the Allow/Deny section, specify IP addresses to be allowed or denied access to HCP through the management API. 3. To specify how HCP should handle IP addresses that appear in both or neither of the Allow and Deny lists, select or deselect Allow request when same IP is used in both lists. Changes to this option take effect immediately.

Controlling access to the Search Console

To use the HCP Search Console to search one or more namespaces, users log into the Search Console for the tenant that owns those namespaces. You can choose to allow access to the Search Console only from specific IP addresses. Similarly, you can choose to deny access to the Search Console from specific IP addresses. You use the Search Security page in the Tenant Management Console to configure access to the Search Console. To display this page, in the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, select Security > Search Security.

To view or modify the Search Security page, you need the security role.

To control access to the Search Console, on the Search Security page:

Optionally, in the Allow/Deny section, specify IP addresses to be allowed or denied access to the Search Console.

To specify how HCP should handle IP addresses that appear in both or neither of the Allow and Deny lists, select or deselect Allow request when same IP is used in both lists. Changes to this option take effect immediately.

Monitoring the tenant

While the tenant Overview page in the Tenant Management Console gives you a view of the tenant as a whole, the tenant log lets you monitor tenant and namespace activity on a more detailed level. The log records tenant and namespace events such as: Tenant Management Console logins Namespace creations Tenant and namespace configuration changes

Creations, modifications, and deletions of retention classes Privileged delete operations Warnings about used storage approaching the hard quota

Each recorded entry about an event is called a message. The tenant log contains all the messages written to it since the tenant was created.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

263/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Viewing the complete tenant event log

The All Events panel on the Tenant Events page lists all messages recorded for the tenant and its namespaces. By default, the panel displays ten messages at a time in reverse chronological order. Another way to manage the list of events displayed for the tenant is by using the Search option on the Tenant Events page. This option allows you to view All Events, Security Events, and Compliance Events based on a user-specified date range, event ID, or node.

To view the tenant All Events panel, you need the monitor, administrator, security, or compliance role. However, only users with the compliance role can see messages about events that require the compliance role. Only users with the security role can see messages about attempts to log into the Tenant Management Console with an invalid username.

1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, select Monitoring > Tenant Events. 2. On the left side of the Tenant Events page, click All Events.