Response headers

HTTP/1.1 200 OK

Date: Fri, 07 February 2020 17:19:26 GMT Content-Length: 0

Retrieving the ACL for an object

You use the HTTP GET method with the acl query parameter to retrieve the ACL for an object. To retrieve the ACL for an object, you need read ACL permission for the bucket containing the object or for the object itself.

The object ACL is returned in an XML response body. The format of the response body is the same as the format you use for the ACL request body when you add an ACL to a bucket. Request line

Depending on whether the bucket name is included in the hostname in the S3 compatible request, a request to retrieve an object ACL has either of these formats:

With the bucket name included in the hostname:

GET /object-name?acl HTTP/1.1

With the bucket name following the hostname:

GET /bucket-name/object-name?acl HTTP/1.1

The acl query parameter is not case sensitive.

Required headers

The list below describes the headers you can use in a request to add an ACL to an object. Authorization

Specifies user credentials or requests anonymous access.

Date

Specifies the date and time when the request is being made according to the requester. Normally, this is the current date and time. The date and time must always be specified using Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). To specify the date and time, use this format:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

616/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

DDD, dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss (+0000|GMT) In this format: DDD

The three-letter abbreviation for the day of the week, with an uppercase first letter (for example, Mon).

dd

The two-digit day of the month.

MMM

The three-letter abbreviation for the month, with an uppercase first letter (for example, Feb).

yyyy

The four-digit year.

HH

The hour on a 24-hour clock. mm

The number of minutes.

ss

The number of seconds.

For example:

Thu, 23 Mar 2017 14:27:05 +0000

All S3 compatible requests must include either a Date header or an x-amz-date header. If a request includes both headers, HCP uses the date and time in the x-amz-date header.

Host

Specifies the hostname for the request. The host name identifies either a tenant or a bucket. For a tenant, use this format: tenant-name.hcp-domain-name

For a bucket, use this format:

bucket-name.tenant-name.hcp-domain-name

x-amz-date

Specifies the date and time at which the request is being made according to the requester. Normally, this is the current date and time. For the valid values for this header, see the description of the Date header above. Optional headers

x-hcp-pretty-print

Optionally, requests that the XML response body be formatted for readability. Valid values are:

true

Format the XML response body for readability.

false

Do not apply any special formatting to the XML response body.

The default is false. The values true and false are not case sensitive. Response headers

The list below describes the headers returned in response to a successful request to retrieve an object ACL.

Content-Type

Specifies the Internet media type of the response body. For a request to retrieve an object ACL, the value of this header is always application/xml;charset=UTF-8. Date

The date and time when HCP responded to the request, in Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). The date and time are returned in this format:

DDD dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss GMT

For example:

Fri, 18 Sep 2020 14:27:05 GMT

Transfer-Encoding