For objects without ACLs, the ACL you specify is set for those objects. For objects with ACLs, the existing ACLs are updated with the grants in the ACL you specify.

If an existing ACL doesn’t have a grant for a user or group that you specify, a grant for that user or group is added to the existing ACL. If an existing ACL already has a grant for a user or group that you specify, the grant in the existing ACL is replaced with the grant you specify for that user or group.

This operation applies only to objects in HCP namespaces.

Note: ACLs are enabled on a per-namespace basis. If ACLs are not enabled for a namespace and you try to set or update ACLs on objects in that namespace, the operation fails for those objects.

For any of the operations mentioned above to work on the objects in any given namespace: The namespace must be configured to allow the operation.

You must have permission to perform the operation.

A requested operation works only on the objects in namespaces that support the operation and for which you have permission to perform the operation. Other objects in the search

results are not affected.

You select the operation you want to perform from the Control operations field. In some cases, this field may show operations that are not allowed for some or all of the listed objects. If you try to perform an invalid operation on an object, the operation fails for that object.

Performing actions on returned objects causes the metadata query engine to update its index. However, even though these actions happen immediately, they may not be reflected in search results until the index update is complete. Important: Before performing an operation on multiple objects, ensure that the search results include only the objects you want to affect. To narrow down the results of a search, you

can use one or more filters, as well as specify additional search criteria.

Placing all the objects in the current search results on hold

1. On the Search Results page, in the Control operations field, select Place results on hold. 2. In the window that opens, click Continue.

HCP immediately begins the requested operation and opens a new window in which it shows its progress. For each object, the window shows whether the operation succeeded or

failed. The sample window below shows objects that have successfully been placed on hold.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

887/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Releasing all held objects in the current search results 1. On the Search Results page, in the Control operations field, select Release hold on results. 2. In the window that opens, click Continue.

HCP immediately begins the requested operation and opens a new window in which it shows its progress. For each object, the window shows whether the operation succeeded or

failed. The sample window below shows objects that have successfully been placed on hold.

Deleting all objects in the current search results except those that are under retention or on hold

1. On the Search Results page, in the Control operations field, select Delete results. 2. In the window that opens, click Continue.

HCP immediately begins the requested operation and opens a new window in which it shows its progress. For each object, the window shows whether the operation succeeded or failed. The sample window below shows objects that have successfully been placed on hold.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3 888/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Deleting all objects in the current search results, including those that are under retention but excluding those that are on hold

1. On the Search Results page, in the Control operations field, select Privileged Delete results. 2. In the field in the window that opens, type a reason for the delete operation.

The reason text must be from one through 1,024 characters long and can contain any UTF-8 characters, including white space.

3. Click Continue.

HCP immediately begins the requested operation and opens a new window in which it shows its progress. For each object, the window shows whether the operation succeeded or

failed. The sample window below shows objects that have successfully been placed on hold.