Not Migrating

The Migration service is not running. No migration is in progress.

Starting Migration

The Migration service is preparing for the data migration. This includes determining the number of objects to be migrated and the size of the data to be migrated. It also includes changing the HCP system configuration to prevent data from being written to the selected devices. Migrating

The Migration service is actively migrating data off the selected devices.

Paused

A data migration is in progress, but the Migration service is not actively migrating data at this time.

Completing Migration

The Migration service is verifying that the migration was successful and waiting while HCP rebalances metadata. Migrated

The Migration service has finished migrating data off the selected devices and is no longer running.

If the Overview panel displays a Migration Report link, click the link to download the migration report to a file. The default name for this file is Migration-number-

Report.txt, where number is the number automatically assigned to the migration when the copying process started.

Be sure to review the migration report before having your authorized service provider finalize the migration.

The estimated amount of time remaining to complete the current data migration. The amount of time the Migration service has been running. This value does not include any time during which the service was paused. The time the Migration service started.

The total number of items that have been migrated so far out of the total number of items to be migrated, along with a progress bar and text indicating the percent of items migrated. Items are any of these: Whole objects Parts of multipart objects

Parts of in-progress multipart uploads Chunks for erasure-coded objects Chunks for erasure-coded parts of multipart objects

The amount of data migrated so far, in KB, out of the total amount of data to be migrated, along with a progress bar and text indicating the percent of data migrated. The current performance-level setting for the Migration service. The description of the current data migration.

To modify the description:

1. Click Edit description. 2. In the text box that opens, edit the migration description. 3. Click Submit.

To view the configuration of the current data migration:

1. Click View details.

The Current Migration Details window opens. This window shows the same Configuration Summary and Configuration Details sections as step two of the Configuration pane.

2. After viewing the migration configuration, click Close.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

118/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Information about the last data migration

The Migration History section in the Overview pane displays information about the last completed or canceled data migration. The time at which the data migration was completed or canceled. The total amount of time the Migration service took to perform the data migration. This value does not include any time during which the service was paused. The number of items that were migrated out of the total number of these items that were to be migrated, along with a progress bar and text indicating the percent of items migrated. Items are any of these:

Whole objects Parts of multipart objects Parts of in-progress multipart uploads Chunks for erasure-coded objects Chunks for erasure-coded parts of multipart objects

The amount of data migrated, in KB, out of the total amount of data that was to be migrated, along with a progress bar and text indicating the percent of data migrated. The description of the data migration.

To modify the description:

1. Click Edit description. 2. In the text box that opens, edit the migration description.

3. Click Submit.

To view the configuration of the data migration: 1. Click View details.

The Previous Migration Details window opens. This window shows the same Configuration Summary and Configuration Details sections as step-two of the Configuration pane.

2. After reviewing the migration configuration, click Close.

Managing a data migration

While the Migration service is migrating data, you can use the Management panel on the Migration page to:

Change the performance level of the Migration service Change the description of the data migration Pause or resume the data migration Cancel the data migration

Changing the performance level