HCP has these canned ACLs: private

Grants full control to the bucket or object owner

public-read

Grants full control to the bucket or object owner and read permission to all users

public-read-write

Grants full control to the bucket or object owner and read and write permissions to all users

authenticated-read

Grants full control to the bucket or object owner and read permission to all authenticated users bucket-owner-read

Grants full control over the object to the object owner and read permission to the bucket owner bucket-owner-full-control

Grants full control over the object to the bucket owner and object owner

Specifying ACLs

To specify an ACL in an S3 compatible request to create a bucket or store or copy an object, you use request headers. To specify an ACL in a separate operation, you can either use request headers or specify the grants in the request body.

You can also use an ACL request body to change the owner of a bucket or object. You cannot do that with request headers.

Specifying an ACL with headers

Using request headers, you can specify either a canned ACL or individual ACL grants of permissions. You cannot specify both a canned ACL and individual grants in the same request.

Using a canned ACL

To specify a canned ACL, you use the x-amz-acl request header. The value of this header can be the name of any one of the canned ACLs. These names are case sensitive.

Here’s a sample x-amz-acl header that specifies the canned ACL named authenticated-read: x-amz-acl: authenticated-read

Using individual grant headers

To grant specific permissions to specific users or groups, you use these headers:

x-amz-grant-read x-amz-grant-read-acp x-amz-grant-write x-amz-grant-write-acp x-amz-grant-full-control

Each header grants the permission indicated by the header itself.

The value for any of these headers is a comma-separated list of one or more grantees, in this format: identifier-type=grantee-identifier

The list below lists the identifier types and indicates how you identify the grantee with each type.

id

User ID of an HCP user account or, for object ACLs only, SID of an AD user account. To learn the ID or SID for a user account, see your tenant administrator. emailAddress

One of these:

Username of an HCP user account

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

553/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

For object ACLs only, username of an AD user account followed by an at sign (@) and the AD domain name

authenticated

all_users

When specifying a username, percent-encode non-ASCII characters and reserved special characters such as ampersands (&), commas (,) and equal signs (=). If a username contains spaces, enclose it in quotation marks. Third-party tools that are compatible with the Hitachi API for Amazon S3 may not be able to handle usernames with non-ASCII characters, special characters, or spaces. When using such tools, identify the user by user ID rather than by username. uri

URI for the group of all authenticated users or the group of all users

Identifier types are case sensitive.

Here’s a sample x-amz-grant-write header that grants write permission to two users who are identified by their HCP user account IDs:

x-amz-grant-write: id=53344e3b-00de-4941-962e-827ac143fa84, id=53344e3b-00de-494e-962e-827ac143fa84

Here's a sample x-amz-grant-read header that grants read permission to all users: x-amz-grant-read: uri=http://acs.amazonaws.com/groups/global/AllUsers

If you include the same header multiple times in a single request, HCP uses only the first one.

Specifying an ACL in the request body