b. Optionally, in the Product Abbreviation field, type a new product name abbreviation.

Product name abbreviations must be from one to ten characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters. White space is allowed.

2. Click Update Settings.

Changing the company logo

You can change the company logo for the Tenant Management Console and Namespace Browser or for the HCP Search Console, on the Branding Settings page.

To view branding settings, you need the monitor or administrator role. To change branding settings, you need the administrator role.

1. In the Company Logo section, click the applicable Browse button. Use the button on the left side to select a new logo for the Tenant Management Console and Namespace Browser. Use the button on the right side to select a new logo for the HCP Search Console. Then select the image file the contains the logo that you want to use.

The logo appears in the sample display.

2. Click Apply Logo.

Resetting the branding

You can restore the Hitachi and Hitachi Content Platform branding, on the Branding Settings page.

To view branding settings, you need the monitor or administrator role. To change branding settings, you need the administrator role.

1. Click Reset Brand Settings.

A confirming message appears.

2. In the window with the confirming message, select I understand to confirm that you understand the consequences of your action.

3. Click Reset Brand Settings. Search administration

HCP supports two search facilities: the metadata query engine .

The metadata query engine is always available in the HCP system.

Configuring search

The Search page in the HCP System Management Console lets you configure the supported search facilities and select a search facility for use with the HCP Search Console. It also shows the current status of each facility.

To display the Search page, in the top-level menu of the System Management Console, select Services > Search.

Note: To view the Search page, you need the monitor or administrator role. To configure search, you need the administrator role. Metadata query engine

The metadata query engine is one of the search facilities supported by HCP. In addition to supporting the HCP Search Console, the metadata query engine supports the metadata query API.

About the metadata query engine

The metadata query engine uses an index to find results for object-based queries issued through the metadata query API and for searches performed in the HCP Search Console.

You can configure metadata query engine indexing and control the use of the metadata query API. Metadata query engine index

The metadata query engine index resides on the Hitachi Content Platform (HCP) storage nodes. The engine builds and maintains this index by reading objects in the search-enabled namespaces that also have indexing enabled. The engine indexes system metadata, custom metadata (optional), and ACLs. In HCP namespaces that support versioning, it indexes only the most recent version of each object.

The System Management Console shows how current the metadata query engine index is by displaying the date and time before the objects that are guaranteed to be indexed. Index protection level

HCP can store one or two copies of the metadata query engine index. The number of copies stored is called the index protection level.

Storing one copy of the index uses less storage than storing two copies. However, storing two copies helps to ensure the availability of the index in the case of node unavailability. With an index protection level of one, if one or more nodes in a HCP with internal storage or VM system are unavailable, the index is unavailable.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

100/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help