Changing index settings

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

701/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Changing the index setting on an object causes these changes to the indexes maintained by the metadata query engine and the HCP search facility:

If you change the index setting of an object from true to false:

The metadata query engine removes the custom metadata for the object from the index, but leaves the system metadata and ACL, if any. The HCP search facility completely removes the object from the index.

If you change the index setting of an object from false to true: The metadata query engine indexes the custom metadata for the object along with the system metadata and ACL, if any. The HCP search facility indexes the object.

With WebDAV, CIFS, or NFS, you change the index setting on an object by overwriting its index.txt metafile. In the new file, you specify only the new value.

Tip: With Windows and Unix, you can also use the echo command to insert the new value into the index.txt metafile. Ownership

An object in a namespace can be owned by a user or can have no owner. With HTTP, you can set, view, and change the owner of an object. With WebDAV, CIFS, and NFS, you can view this metadata in the core-metadata.xml metafile but you cannot change it.

Ownership is an HCP-specific object property and does not correspond to the POSIX user ID (UID) or group ID (GID) associated with an object. Ownership for new objects

Ownership for new objects depends on whether the user adding the objects is authenticated:

If the user adding an object is authenticated, that user owns the object. If the user adding an object is accessing the namespace anonymously, the object has no owner.

Ownership for objects that existed before release 5.0

Objects that were added to a namespace before the HCP system was upgraded from a release earlier than 5.0 to release 5.x have a special value for object ownership called nobod y. These objects effectively have no owner.

You can change such an object to having an owner or having no owner. You cannot change the owner of an object to nobody.

Changing ownership

To change the owner of an object, you use the HTTP protocol. Note:

A namespace can be configured to disallow ownership changes for objects that are under retention. Changing the owner of an object that was stored using the NFS protocol removes the POSIX UID and GID values from the object. You can use the HCP Search Console to change ownership of multiple objects with a single operation. POSIX metadata

To support the NFS protocol, HCP maintains POSIX metadata for objects, directories, and symbolic links. The protocol you’re using to access the namespace determines what actions you can perform on POSIX metadata:

With HTTP, you can view some POSIX metadata on objects, but you cannot change it. With WebDAV, you can view all POSIX metadata on objects, directories, and symbolic links, but you cannot change it. With CIFS and NFS, you can view all POSIX metadata on objects, directories, and symbolic links, and you can change some of it.

A request to change POSIX metadata on a symbolic link changes the metadata on the object that’s the target of the link. Such a request does not change the metadata on the link itself.

The POSIX metadata that HCP maintains for items in a namespace (that is, objects, directories, and symbolic links) depends on the protocol through which the item was added:

For items added through NFS, HCP maintains these attributes for each item: A user ID and group ID. A POSIX permissions value.

For all items, HCP maintains atime, ctime, and mtime attributes.

Note: Metafiles also have POSIX metadata. With the WebDAV, CIFS, and NFS protocols, you can view the POSIX metadata for metafiles but you cannot explicitly change it.