If the domain is associated with any networks, it must have at least one SSL server certificate. If the domain is not associated with any networks, it must have at least one SSL server certificate or CSR.

To view existing domains and SSL server certificates, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create and delete domains and SSL server certificates, you need the administrator role.

1. Open the HCP System Management Console. 2. From the top-level menu, select Security > Domains and Certificates. The Domains and Certificates page opens. 3. In the list of domains, click the name of the domain that has the certificate or CSR that you want to delete.

4. In the panel that opens, click the delete control ( 5. In response to the confirm message, click Delete.

) in the Certificate Details or CSR Details section for the applicable certificate or CSR. Downloading a CSR

You can download a CSR by using the HCP System Management Console.

To view existing domains and SSL server certificates, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create and delete domains and SSL server certificates, you need the administrator role.

1. Open the HCP System Management Console. 2. From the top-level menu, select Security > Domains and Certificates. The Domains and Certificates page opens.

3. In the list of domains, click the name of the domain for which you want to download a CSR. 4. In the panel that opens, in the CSR Details section for the applicable CSR, click Download CSR. 5. When prompted, save the file containing the CSR to a location of your choice.

This is a plain text file. The default file name is certificate.txt.

Installing the certificate returned for an HCP generated CSR

You can install the SSL server certificate returned in response to an HCP generated CSR by using the HCP System Management Console. To view existing domains and SSL server certificates, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create and delete domains and SSL server certificates, you need the administrator role.

1. Open the HCP System Management Console. 2. From the top-level menu, select Security > Domains and Certificates. The Domains and Certificates page opens.

3. In the list of domains, click the name of the domain that has the HCP generated CSR for the SSL server certificate you want to install. 4. In the panel that opens, in the CSR Details section for the applicable CSR, click Browse and select the file containing the returned certificate.

5. Click Upload Certificate.

Installing a certificate created outside HCP

You can install a SSL server certificate that was created outside HCP when you create a domain or add a certificate to an existing domain. To view existing domains and SSL server certificates, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create and delete domains and SSL server certificates, you need the

administrator role.

1. Open the HCP System Management Console and follow the procedure for creating a domain or adding a certificate to a domain.

2. To install a certificate that was created outside HCP, in the New Certificate section of the Domains and Certificates page, select Install PKCS12 certificate.

The Install PKCS12 certificate section opens.

3. Select the file containing the certificate that you want to install and enter the password for the certificate.

a. In the PKCS12 Certificate field, click Browse and select the file containing the PKCS12 object. b. In the PKCS12 Password field, type the password for the PKCS12 object. Controlling access to the System Management Console

The Console Security page in the HCP System Management Console lets you control access to the Console from specified IP addresses. To display this page, in the top-level menu of the Console, select Security > Console Security.

Note: To view and modify information on the Console Security page, you need the security role.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

132/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Valid IP address list entries

You can specify each IP address list entry in the Allow and Deny lists in one of the following formats: