the CIFS, NFS, WebDAV, or SMTP protocol enabled on any namespace that's using the service plan, you cannot select HCP S Series as the ingest tier.

6. From the Data drop down field, select the number of copies you want to have in your ingest tier at all times. You can have a different number of copies for each pool.

7. Click to select Encrypted if you want to encrypt the pool. 8. From the Primary Storage panel, choose one of the following steps:

If you want to remove all data existing on primary running storage prior to the change in ingest tier and move it to your HCP S Series storage, deselect Keep current data on primary.

If you want to keep all data existing on primary running storage prior to the change in ingest tier on primary running storage, leave Keep current data on primary selected and select the number of copies of object data you want to keep of that data on primary running storage at all times.

9. From the Primary Storage panel Metadata dropdown field, select the number of copies of object metadata you want to keep on primary running storage at all times.

10. Click Next. 11. On the Review page in the wizard, review the storage tier configuration settings that you specified in the wizard.

12. Choose one of the following options:

If the information you entered is correct, click Finish.

If the information you entered is incorrect, use the Previous and Next buttons to navigate through the pages of the wizard and make the changes you want. When

you're satisfied with the configuration settings you've entered, click Finish.

Assigning a service plan to one or more tenants You can configure the service plan for a namespace to assign that service plan to any existing tenant. When you assign a particular service plan to a tenant, that service plan replaces the one that was previously assigned to the tenant.

Similar to a change in the configuration for an existing service plan for a namespace, when you change the service plan that’s assigned to a tenant, the new storage tiering strategy and data protection strategy do not take effect until the next time the Storage Tiering service runs.

To view existing service plans and monitor storage usage for storage tiers defined for one or more service plans, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, retire, and delete service plans, you need the administrator role.

1. On the left side of the Storage page, click the Service Plans tab. 2. On the Service Plans panel, click the table row that corresponds to the service plan for which you want to configure a new storage tier. 3. At the top of the panel that opens, click the Tenants tab.

4. The Tenants panel, in the Tenants assigned other service plans section, use the checkboxes in the left column in the table to select the tenants to which you want to assign the service plan.

Note:

You can also use the checkboxes in the Tenants assigned service plan name field to deselect one or more tenants in order to delete those service plan assignments. However, if you do this, the deselected tenants will have no service plan assigned to them, so you’ll have assign new service plans to them. If you want to change the service

plan that’s assigned to a specific tenant, you should modify the configuration for that tenant or modify the configuration of the new service plan to assign it to the tenant.

5. At the bottom of the page, click Update Settings.

Retiring a service plan

You can retire a service plan at any time. When you retire a service plan, the plan remains in effect for all namespaces and tenants to which it is currently assigned. However, a

retired service plan is no longer available to be assigned to any new or existing tenants or namespaces. You can also reactivate a retired service plan at any time to make that service plan available to be assigned to tenants and namespaces once again.

To view existing service plans and monitor storage usage for storage tiers defined for one or more service plans, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, retire,

and delete service plans, you need the administrator role.

1. On the left side of the Storage page, click the Service Plans tab.

2. On the Service Plans panel, click the table row that corresponds to the service plan for which you want to configure a new storage tier. 3. At the top of the panel that opens, click the Settings tab. 4. On the Settings tab, in the Retire service plan section, take one of these actions:

If you want to retire the service plan, select Retire.