Replication data recovery started

Data recovery has started on a replication link. The replicated tenants and directories are read-

Monitor the recovery progress in the System Management Console. write on the replica and read-only on the primary system.

2116

Replication data recovery completed

Data recovery has completed on a replication link. The replicated tenants and directories are

Redirect client requests to the primary system.

now read-write on the primary system and read- only on the replica.

2117

Replication link missing on remote system

A replication link configured on this system is missing on the remote system. The link has been

Restore the replication link to begin the recovery process.

suspended.

2118

Object replicated with collisions

An object being replicated conflicts with an existing object on the target system. The object has been stored in the .lost+found directory on

No action is required. the target system.

2119

Object did not replicate

An object was not replicated.

Contact your authorized service provider.

2120

Object or object part did not replicate; will retry

An object or object part was not replicated. Replication of the object or object part will be

Monitor the remote system to see whether this object or object part is eventually replicated. If the later

retried later.

object or object part does not replicate within one week, contact your authorized service provider.

2121

Duplicate Elimination service sort started

The Duplicate Elimination service has started the sort phase of its run.

No action is required.

2122

Duplicate Elimination service sort finished

The Duplicate Elimination service successfully finished the sort phase of its run.

No action is required.

2123 Duplicate Elimination

The Duplicate Elimination service stopped during

No action is required.

service sort stopped without finishing

its sort phase without completing its run. The service will resume at some point in the future.

2124

HCP search facility indexing failure.

The HCP search facility encountered an object it could not index but will try again at a later date.

Contact your authorized service provider.

2125

HCP search facility indexing configuration problem.

During the initialization of the HCP search facility, an unexpected configuration problem occurred, resulting in the disabling of indexing.

Contact your authorized service provider.

2126 Replica capacity limit

HCP suspended a replication link due to

Add storage capacity to the replica and resume

reached

insufficient capacity on the replica.

the replication link.

2127

Time sync problem

The time on this system is not in sync with the time on the other system in a replication link in which this system participates.

Ensure that time is synchronized on all the HCP systems in the replication topology.

2128

Collisions occurred on replication link

One or more collisions occurred on a replication link in the last 24 hours.

No action is required.

2129

Replication link failed over automatically

A replication link failed over automatically because communication was disrupted for an Redirect client requests to the replica.

extended period of time. The replicated tenants and directories are now read-write on the replica and read-only on the primary system.

2130

Replication link failed

A replication link failed over automatically

No action is required.

over automatically

because communication was disrupted for an extended period of time.

2131

Replication link final data recovery started

Final data recovery has started automatically on a replication link. The replicated tenants and

No action is required. automatically

directories are now read-only on both the primary system and the replica.

2132

Replication link automatically failed back

A replication link failed back automatically.

No action is required.

2133

Objects in one or more namespaces could not be replicated; will retry later

One or more objects could not be replicated. Another attempt to replicate these objects will be made later.

Monitor the remote system to see whether these objects are eventually replicated. If the objects are not replicated within one week, contact your authorized service provider.

2134

Replication link is candidate for auto failover

Replication link is candidate for auto failover because communication is disrupted for an extended period of time.

No action is required.

2143 Replication link progress