X-HCP-ServicedBySystem X-HCP-ErrorMessage

(if an error occurred and more information is available)

Storing or copying objects and versions: ETag X-HCP-Hash

X-HCP-VersionID

Storing or copying object or version data and an annotation together:

ETag

X-HCP-CustomMetadataHash X-HCP-Hash

X-HCP-VersionID

Storing annotations:

X-HCP-Hash

Status codes

Success: 201, 204

Error: 304, 400, 403, 404, 409, 412, 413, 414, 415, 500, 503

HTTP status codes with the REST API

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

818/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Code

Meaning

Methods

Description

200

OK

DELETE

HCP successfully processed a request that does any of: GET

Retrieve an object, system metadata, an annotation, information about annotations, an ACL, or a directory

HEAD

POST

Delete an object, annotation, ACL, symbolic link, or directory Set a metadata value

Note: For a GET request for an object or version, if the number of bytes returned does not equal the value of the Content-Length response header, try the request again later.

201 Created

PUT

HCP successfully added an object, version, annotation, ACL, or directory to the

namespace, copied an object, or replaced an annotation or ACL for an object.

204

No Content

GET or HEAD of an annotation or a version

One of:

GET of information about

For an annotation, the specified object does not have the requested annotation. For information about annotations, the object or version does not have any annotations

annotations.

DELETE of an annotation

206

Partial Content

GET with a Range header

HCP successfully retrieved the data in the byte range specified in the request.

304

Not Modified

GET, PUT, or HEAD with If- Modified-Since

One of:

GET or HEAD with If-None- Match

PUT with X-HCP-Copy- Source-If-Modified-Since

PUT with X-HCP-Copy-

Source-If-None-Match

The request specified an If-Modified-Since header, and the object change time is at or before the time specified in the header. The request specified an If-None-Match header, and the ETag of the requested object or version matches the value in the header. A request to copy an object specified X-HCP-Copy-Source-If-Modified-Since header, and the source object change time is at or before the time specified in the header. A request to copy an object specified an X-HCP-Copy-Source-If-None-Match header, and the ETag of the source object matches the value in the header.

400 Bad Request All

The request was not valid. These are some, but not all, of the possible reasons:

The URL in the request is not well-formed.

The request contains an unsupported query parameter or an invalid value for a query parameter. A GET request has both a type=whole-object query parameter and a Range request header. A PUT or POST request has a Content-Encoding header that specifies gzip, but the content is not in gzip-compressed format. The X-HCP-CopySource header in a PUT request to copy an object identifies a symbolic link to an object. A PUT request has a type=whole-object query parameter but does not have an X-HCP-Size header or the X-HCP-Size header value is greater than the content length.

HCP has custom metadata XML checking enabled, and a PUT request includes an annotation that is not well-formed XML.

For a PUT request that is trying to store an ACL:

The ACL includes invalid entries or values or is not well-formed XM L or

JSON. ACLs are not enabled for the namespace. The ACL contains more than one thousand ACEs. The ACL specifies an AD user or group, but the namespace does not