Required headers

The list below describes the headers you can use in a request to list the parts of a multipart upload. Authorization

Specifies user credentials or requests anonymous access.

Date

Specifies the date and time when the request is being made according to the requester. Normally, this is the current date and time.

The date and time must always be specified using Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). To specify the date and time, use this format: DDD, dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss (+0000|GMT)

In this format:

DDD

The three-letter abbreviation for the day of the week, with an uppercase first letter (for example, Mon).

dd

The two-digit day of the month.

MMM

The three-letter abbreviation for the month, with an uppercase first letter (for example, Feb). yyyy

The four-digit year.

HH

The hour on a 24-hour clock.

mm

The number of minutes.

ss

The number of seconds.

For example:

Thu, 23 Mar 2017 14:27:05 +0000

All S3 compatible requests must include either a Date header or an x-amz-date header. If a request includes both headers, HCP uses the date and time in the x-amz-date header. Host

Specifies the hostname for the request. The host name identifies either a tenant or a bucket. For a tenant, use this format:

tenant-name.hcp-domain-name

For a bucket, use this format:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

649/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

bucket-name.tenant-name.hcp-domain-name

x-amz-date

Specifies the date and time at which the request is being made according to the requester. Normally, this is the current date and time. For the valid values for this header, see the description of the Date header above. Optional headers

x-hcp-pretty-print

Optionally, requests that the XML response body be formatted for readability. Valid values are:

true

Format the XML response body for readability.

false

Do not apply any special formatting to the XML response body.

The default is false. The values true and false are not case sensitive. Response headers

The list below describes the headers returned in response to a successful request to list the parts of a multipart upload.

Content-Type

Specifies the Internet media type of the response body. For a request to list the parts of a multipart upload, the value of this header is always application/xml;charset=UT F-8. Date

The date and time when HCP responded to the request, in Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). The date and time are returned in this format:

DDD dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss GMT

For example:

Fri, 18 Sep 2020 14:27:05 GMT

Transfer-Encoding

Indicates that HCP could not determine the size of the response body before formulating the response. For a request to list the buckets you own, the value of this header is always chunked. x-amz-abort-date

Specifies the date and time when the multipart upload will be automatically aborted if it has not already been completed. The date and time are expressed in this format:

DDD, ddMMMyyyyhh:mm:ss GMT

For example:

Sat, 25 Mar 2017 17:19:26 GMT

Response body

HCP returns the list of parts of a multipart upload in an XML response body.

The list below describes the XML elements in the response body returned in response to a request to list the parts of a multipart upload. The elements are listed in alphabetical order. Bucket

Child of the ListPartsResult element. The Bucket element specifies the name of the bucket where the multipart upload is being performed.

DisplayName