183/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Identifier

Type Value

multipartObject Bytes

P

The total number of bytes of object data in all the parts of multipart objects currently stored in the given namespace, in all the namespaces owned by the given tenant, or in all the HCP namespaces in the HCP system. multipartObject Parts

P

The total number of parts of multipart objects currently stored in the given namespace, in all the namespaces owned by the given tenant, or in all the HCP namespaces in the HCP system.

multipartObjects

P

The total number of multipart objects currently stored in the given namespace, in all the namespaces owned by the given tenant, or in all the HCP namespaces in the HCP system. multipartUpload Bytes

P

The total number of bytes of object data in all the successfully uploaded parts of multipart uploads that are currently in progress in the given namespace, in all the namespaces owned by the given tenant, or in all the HCP namespaces in the HCP system.

This number does not include bytes of data in replaced parts of multipart uploads, parts uploaded for aborted multipart uploads, or unused parts of

completed multipart uploads. multipartUpload

P

Parts

The total number of successfully uploaded parts of multipart uploads that are currently in progress in the given namespace, in all the namespaces owned by the given tenant, or in all the HCP namespaces in the HCP system.

This number does not include replaced parts of multipart uploads, parts uploaded for aborted multipart uploads, or unused parts of completed multipart uploads. multipartUploads

P

The total number of multipart uploads that are currently in progress in the given namespace, in all the namespaces owned by the given tenant, or in all the HCP namespaces in the HCP system.

namespaceName N/A

The name of the namespace to which the set of statistics in the line applies.

In lines that contain tenant or systemwide statistics, this field has no value. objectCount

P

The number of objects in the given namespace in all the namespaces owned by the given tenant, or in all the HCP namespaces in the HCP system.

Each version of an object counts as a separate object. The object count does not include object versions that are delete markers or delete records. A delete marker is a special version of an object that indicates that a version of the object has been deleted. A delete marker has a version ID but does not have any data or metadata. For more information on delete markers and delete records please see Enabling delete markers section in Versioning.

Each multipart object counts as a single object. Objects that are in the process of being created by multipart uploads are not included in the object count. reads

D

The total number of read operations performed in the given namespace, in all the namespaces owned by the given tenant, or in all the HCP namespaces in the HCP system during the reporting interval.

A read of a multipart object counts as a single read operation.

startTime

N/A

The start time of the reporting interval for the set of statistics in the line, in this format: yyyy-MM-ddhh:mm:ss

hh is hours on a 24-hour clock.

For example: 2017-10-07 14:32:47

P

storageCapacity

Used

The total number of bytes of primary running storage occupied by stored data for the given namespace, for all the namespaces owned by the given tenant, or for all the HCP namespaces in the HCP system. This includes object data, system and custom metadata, and any redundant data required to satisfy the applicable service plan.

Used storage capacity also includes storage occupied by the parts of in-progress multipart uploads that have already been written to HCP. Used storage capacity does not include replaced parts of multipart uploads, parts uploaded for aborted multipart uploads, or unused parts of completed multipart uploads. systemName

N/A

One of: