To view and change user account and login settings, you need the security role.

1. In the Login Message section, type the message you want.

2. Click Update Login Message. System-level administration

To monitor the HCP system as a whole, you use the Overview page in the System Management Console. You use this page to view system activity, including service runs, repository

usage, and search facility indexing progress. Additionally, this page notifies you of conditions that may require intervention, such as physical drive failures and low storage capacity. About the Overview page

When you log into the System Management Console, the first page you see is the Overview page. This page lets you monitor the health of the HCP system as a whole.

The System Management Console Overview page performs these functions:

Provides notification of problems with hardware, capacity, object integrity, and various aspects of the system configuration Displays current service status

Displays a capsule view of the system log

Contains graphs that show:

The ingested object count, the indexed object count, and the ingested volume.

The total storage capacity of all primary storage volumes and the used storage capacity. The total storage capacity of all HCP S Series storage volumes and the used storage capacity. If your system does not have an HCP S Series storage component,

this graph does not appear.

External SAN, internal storage, or a VM system (displayed as an internal storage). This is an indication where the storage volumes are located.

The Overview page also shows the HCP system time (see Configuring the system time).

To return to the Overview page from other Console pages, click Overview in the top-level menu.

To view the Overview page, you need the monitor, administrator, security, service, or compliance role. Alerts

To ensure the continuous availability of the HCP repository, a strict majority of the HCP storage nodes must be running and healthy. For example, a six-node system requires at least

four running nodes. If this condition is not true, namespaces cannot accept write requests, including requests to store new data or change object metadata.

At any given time, the unused HCP storage space must be sufficient to allow the creation of new objects and to ensure proper behavior in the event that a node fails.

The top section of the Overview page serves as an early warning system for violations of these requirements. It also reports system configuration issues and provides other system status information, such as notification that the system is rebalancing metadata. When the system is functioning normally, this section indicates that no problems exist.

The information in this section is represented by three categories of alert icons: Hardware Status

Alerts in this category identify nodes that are reporting problems relating to drives, network interface cards (NICs), HCP S Series Node tiering, and other internal

components.

System Status

Alerts in this category report on storage usage and indicate systemwide conditions such as a high rate of page swapping. Object Integrity

Alerts in this category report on the state of object data and metadata. They also identify situations in which the protection or Content Verification service is fixing errors or

has found errors it cannot fix.

The background color in an alert icon indicates the status of the relevant component:

A green background indicates that the component is within normal operating parameters.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

25/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

An orange background indicates that the component is disabled or needs attention in some way. The text that accompanies icons with an orange background appears

automatically below the icon area. This text may contain links to Console pages that you can use to view more information about the problem and, in some cases, change one or more specific configuration settings in order to resolve the problem. For example, the text may contain a network name that’s a link to the page on which you can view

and change the IP configuration settings for that network. A red background indicates that the component is malfunctioning. The text that accompanies icons with a red background appears automatically below the icon area. This

text may contain links to more information about the problem and, in some cases, change one or more specific configuration settings in order to resolve the problem. For

example, the text may contain a node number that’s a link to more detailed information about a problem with the hardware on that node. Note: