The following services do not process objects ingested or tiered to HCP S Series storage: Content Verification, Duplicate Elimination, Shredding, hardware encryption, Capacity Balancing, and Scavenging.

Selecting primary running storage as the ingest tier

To view existing service plans and monitor storage usage for storage tiers defined for one or more service plans, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, retire,

and delete service plans, you need the administrator role.

1. On the left side of the Storage page, click the Service Plans tab. 2. On the Service Plans panel, click the table row that corresponds to the service plan for which you want to configure a new storage tier.

3. At the top of the panel that opens, click the Tiers tab. 4. On the Tiers panel, click the tier you want to modify. The Edit Tier wizard opens.

5. Select Primary running as the ingest tier.

Selecting Primary running as the ingest tier deselects all HCP S Series options. You cannot have both Primary running and HCP S Series as the ingest tier.

6. In the Data field, select the number of data copies you want to have in your ingest tier at all times. 7. In the Metadata Copies on Primary Storage field, select the number of object metadata copies you want to keep on primary running storage at all times.

8. Click Next. 9. On the Review page in the wizard, review the storage tier configuration settings that you specified in the wizard.

10. Choose one of the following options:

If the information you entered is correct, click Finish.

If the information you entered is incorrect, use the Previous and Next buttons to navigate through the pages of the wizard and make the changes you want. When

you're satisfied with the configuration settings you've entered, click Finish. Selecting HCP S Series storage pools as your ingest tier

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

64/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

To view existing service plans and monitor storage usage for storage tiers defined for one or more service plans, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, retire, and delete service plans, you need the administrator role.

1. On the left side of the Storage page, click the Service Plans tab. 2. On the Service Plans panel, click the table row that corresponds to the service plan for which you want to configure a new storage tier. 3. At the top of the panel that opens, click the Tiers tab.

4. On the Tiers panel, click the tier you want to modify. The Edit Tier wizard opens.

5. Select the HCP S Series pools you want to target as the ingest tier. Note:

Selecting HCP S Series as the ingest tier deselects Primary running. You cannot have both primary running storage and HCP S Series storage as the ingest tier. If you have

the CIFS, NFS, WebDAV, or SMTP protocol enabled on any namespace that's using the service plan, you cannot select HCP S Series as the ingest tier.

6. From the Data drop down field, select the number of copies you want to have in your ingest tier at all times. You can have a different number of copies for each pool.

7. Click to select Encrypted if you want to encrypt the pool. 8. From the Primary Storage panel, choose one of the following steps:

If you want to remove all data existing on primary running storage prior to the change in ingest tier and move it to your HCP S Series storage, deselect Keep current data on primary.

If you want to keep all data existing on primary running storage prior to the change in ingest tier on primary running storage, leave Keep current data on primary selected and select the number of copies of object data you want to keep of that data on primary running storage at all times.

9. From the Primary Storage panel Metadata dropdown field, select the number of copies of object metadata you want to keep on primary running storage at all times.

10. Click Next. 11. On the Review page in the wizard, review the storage tier configuration settings that you specified in the wizard.

12. Choose one of the following options:

If the information you entered is correct, click Finish.