DDD dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss GMT

For example:

Fri, 18 Sep 2020 14:27:05 GMT

ETag

Specifies the ETag for the object. ETags are useful for making object-level operations conditional based on the object content. Operations that can be made conditional are checking the existence of an

object, copying an object, and retrieving an object. Last-Modified

Specifies the date and time when the object or object version was last modified, in Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). The date and time are expressed in this format:

DDD, dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss GMT For example:

Tue, 17 Feb 2017 19:46:03 GMT

Modifying an object means modifying its metadata. You cannot modify the content of an object.

x-amz-meta-

For objects and object versions only, specifies a custom metadata property/value pair. The response headers include one x-amz-meta- header for each applicable pair.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

627/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

x-amz-missing-meta

For objects and object versions only, indicates that the .metapairs annotation for the object or object version does not contain valid XML, that the first line in the annotation does not begin with the metapairs element. This header is returned only when applicable. The value is always 1 (one). x-amz-version-id

Specifies the version ID of the object. This header is returned only while versioning is enabled for the bucket.

x-hcp-labelretentionhold

Specifies whether the object is on labeled hold. Either true or false is returned.

For a user without privileged data access permission, the response header returns true or false indicating whether there are one or more labeled holds. For a user with privileged data access permission:

If the response header returns true, an additional header, x-hcp-labelretentionhold-labels, is returned. If the response header returns false, the x-hcp-labelretentionhold-labels header is not returned.

x-hcp-labelretentionhold-labels

If the object is on labeled hold (x-hcp-labelretentionhold:true) and the user has privileged data access and read permission on the bucket, this header is returned with a JSON format string specifying all labeled holds. Example

x-hcp-labelretentionhold-labels: [{"id":"UniqueLabelHold-1","hold": true}, [{"id":"UniqueLabelHold-2","hold": true },[{"id":"UniqueLabelHold-3","hold": true }]

x-amz-object-lock-mode

Specify the Object Lock mode status for an object. The value can be either GOVERNANCE or COMPLIANCE.

GOVERNANCE

Use for objects that are subject to retention policies that are governed by a regulatory body. COMPLIANCE

Use for objects that are subject to strict regulatory requirements.

Example

x-amz-object-lock-mode: GOVERNANCE

x-amz-object-lock-retain-until-date

Specify the date and time until which an object must be retained. The date and time must be in YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ format, where YYYY represents the year, MM represents the month, DD represents the day, T represents the time separator, HH represents the hour in 24-hour format, MM represents the minute, SS represents the second and Z represents the time zone. Example x-amz-object-lock-retain-until-date: 2023-03-30T00:00:00Z

x-amz-object-lock-legal-hold

Specify the Legal hold status of an object version. Valid values are ON and OFF.

ON

You cannot overwrite or delete the object version until you remove the legal hold status.

OFF

You can overwrite or delete the object version. Example