Here’s a sample DELETE request that aborts a multipart upload for an object named acctg/RulesAndRegulations.pdf in the finance bucket. Request with s3curl command line

./s3curl.pl --id=lgreen --delete -- -k "https://finance.europe.hcp.example.com/acctg/RulesAndRegulations.pdf ?uploadId=94874755807297"

Request headers

DELETE /acctg/RulesAndRegulations.pdf?uploadId=94874755807297 HTTP/1.1 Host: finance.europe.hcp.example.com Date: Fri, 07 February 2020 17:19:26 +0000 Authorization: AWS bGdyZWVu:KxEygWb4ay0jHtOrIljBE5lGmls= Response headers

HTTP/1.1 204 No Content Date: Fri, 07 February 2020 17:19:26 GMT

Working with POST object uploads

With the Hitachi API for Amazon S3, you can accept objects uploaded directly to HCP from web browser forms (that is, a POST form request). This process is called a POST object upload.

This section of the Help starts with general information about and considerations for working with POST object uploads.

About POST object uploads The POST request is an alternative to a PUT request. A POST object upload is the process of accepting objects from an HTTP form sent by a web browser. When a user submits the form, the browser uploads its contents, which can include data such as a text field or a file, to HCP. Any parameters are passed, not within the header as in a PUT request, but as form fields within the body of the request. The web page can be hosted on the same domain as HCP or a different domain. A user must have write access to a bucket to add an object to it. The POST request can upload a security policy with the request using form fields in the multipart/form-data encoded message body, so a bucket administrator can create preset conditions under which the upload is allowed. Because the request is authenticated without passing data through a secure intermediary node that protects credentials, POST object uploads can reduce latency. Because an object is uploaded in a single operation, an HTTP success response indicates that the entire object has been stored.

POST object upload authentication

A POST object upload request can be authenticated in these ways:

Header authentication

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

658/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The header can include AWS Signature Version 2 authorization information. Header authentication supports only AWS local user account credentials. Use a header with a value in the format Authorization: AWS all_users: for anonymous access, or Authorization: AWS access-key:signature for authenticated access. Note: Active Directory, SPNEGO, cookie, and HCP authentication are not supported. In-form authentication

The POST form can contain authentication-related fields. In-form authentication supports only AWS local user account credentials. All authorization-related form fields must be presented for in-form authentication to succeed. If both V2 and V4 authentication form fields are presented, V2 authentication information is used. Security policy validation

A policy is included in the request. Required if in-form authentication is used. If the policy is missing, HCP returns a status of 400.

For a namespace that does not permit anonymous access (that is, a non-public bucket), either header or in-form authentication is required. (Both can be provided.) Security policies

The POST security policy is part of the authentication of a POST object upload request. The policy consists of base-64 encoded JSON code which is submitted as a form field in the request.

If a form contains fields that don't meet the policy's requirements, the request is rejected with the status 403. Example

Here's an example of a POST policy using AWS Signature Version 4 conditions: