If copy operations are causing a client to time out, consider increasing the client timeout interval.

Note: Depending on the replication configuration, copy operations may be slow, thereby increasing the likelihood of client timeouts. Access permission

To copy an object or version, you need read permission for the source namespace and write permission for the target namespace.

Request header

PUT /rest/directory/file HTTP/1.1

The PUT request to copy an object or version of an object has these elements:

If you’re accessing the target namespace as an authenticated user, an Authorization header An X-HCP-CopySource header in this format: X-HCP-CopySource: source-namespace-name.source-tenant-name/source-object-path

The value of the X-HCP-CopySource header must be URL-encoded.

A URL specifying the location in which to store the object

Note: If the X-HCP-CopySource header identifies a directory, HCP creates an empty directory with the path specified in the target URL, assuming the specified path does not already exist. Parameter

Required

Description

directory

Yes

Folder name.

file

Yes

Name of the file, including file extension.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

720/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Parameter

Required

Description

version

No

One of: Specific version number of the file. For example:

?version=80232998058817

Range of version IDs, separated by a dash. For example:

?version=91728994618369-91728994618372

Range of create timestamps, separated by a dash.

For example:

?version=@1493911519817-@1493911519817

0-, which provides all versions of an object.

These rules apply to the version query parameter:

If you omit the parameter, HCP checks the existence of the current version of an object.

If you specify a valid range, HCP returns the requested amount of data with a status code of

200.

deleted No

By default, the GET request to retrieve object versions does not include delete records. To retrieve a listing that

includes delete records, specify this URL query parameter:

deleted=true

You can also specify deleted=false, which results in the default behavior.

forceEtag

No

To force HCP to generate an ETag for an object that does not yet have one, specify a forceEtag URL query parameter with a value of true. Response headers

This option does not return any request-specific HCP-specific headers.

The request to copy an object returns an ETag header.

ETag

The ETag of the object or version enclosed in double quotation marks ("). This header is returned only if the object has an ETag.

Response body

Not applicable. Status codes

The table below describes the HTTP status codes that have specific meaning for this request.

Code

Meaning

Description

201

Created

HCP successfully copied the object. If versioning is enabled and an object with the same name already exists, HCP created a new version of the object.

304 Not Modified

One of:

A request to copy an object specified an X-HCP-Copy-Source-If-None-Match header, and the ETag of the source object matches the value in the header. A request to copy an object specified X-HCP-Copy-Source-If-Modified-Since header, and the source object change time is at or before the time specified in the header. A request to store a new version of an existing object specified an If-Modified-Since header, and the change time of the current version is at or before the time specified in the header.

400 Bad Request

The request was not valid. These are some, but not all, of the possible reasons:

The URL in the request is not well-formed.

Either the source or target namespace does not exist. The target namespace has custom metadata XML checking enabled, and the copied object includes custom metadata

that is not well-formed XML.