group, and all other users not in that group. The table below shows the value that corresponds to each permission. Read

Write

Execute

Owner

400

200

100

Group

040

020

010 Other

004

002

001

You can represent permissions numerically by combining these values. For example, the octal value 755 represents these permissions:

POSIX owner has read, write, and execute permissions (700).

POSIX group has read and execute permissions (050).

Other has read and execute permissions (005).

Paging through search results

The Search Results page shows both the number of objects in the search results and the number of pages required to list them, as well as how long the search took, in seconds. The number of pages depends on both the number of objects returned and the number of objects listed on each page.

By default, the Search Console displays ten objects per page. You can use the results/page option on the Search Results page to select a different number. The choices are 10, 20,

50, 75, 100, and 200.

When you select a number of objects, the Search Results page immediately changes the number of objects it lists on each page. To page through the search results, you can take either of these actions:

To go forward or backward one page at a time, click the next or back arrow on either side of the page number information.

To go to a specific page, in the go to page field, type the number of the page you want and click Go..

Sorting search results

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

885/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

With metadata query engine, the returned objects are listed in the order of the number of search criteria the object matches. Objects that match the same number of criteria are not

listed in any specific order.

You can change the order in which returned objects are listed on the Search Results page by selecting a different sort order:

While the metadata query engine is active, you can sort in ascending or descending order by: Object size Change time

Ingest time Retention setting

To change the sort order on the Search Results page, select the order you want in the Sort results field.

When you select a sort option, the Search Results page immediately reorders the list of objects.

Showing or hiding the query

When you perform a search, the criteria you used to form the query remain displayed on the Search Results page. You can hide or redisplay these criteria at any time:

To hide the query criteria, click Hide Query in the upper right portion of the page.

To redisplay the query after hiding it, click Show Query.

Filtering search results

The Search Results page includes several types of filters that you can use to refine the results of a search:

Retention setting Retention class Hold status

Namespace

Note: By default, the Metadata Query Engine Console does not display the filters. Instead, it displays a Result Filters option that you can click to display the filters. Search results page

When you select a filter, the Search Results page immediately redisplays the search results with only the objects that match that filter.

You can apply multiple filters to the same list of objects to remove the objects that aren’t of interest. For example if your results included objects in a namespace named finance, you could first refine the list by filtering for objects in the finance namespace, thereby excluding objects in all other namespaces. Then you could further refine the same list by filtering for

objects currently on hold, thereby excluding objects that are not on hold. The resulting list would include only objects in the finance namespace that are on hold.

Note: HCP forms a URL with the filters you apply to a search. If you specify a large number of filters, the URL may become too long for the browser to handle. If this happens, the

browser displays an error message. The Search Results page shows each filter currently in effect as a checkbox option in the Active result filters area below the search criteria.

To remove a filter, deselect it in the Active result filters area. Again, the Search Results page immediately redisplays the search results, this time including the objects previously removed by that filter.