Use the Networks > Network View page to configure node IP addresses for a specific network.

Use the Networks > Node View page to assign IP addresses to each node for one or more networks.

The next two sections provide instructions for assigning IP addresses to nodes for a network using the Networks > Network View page and using the Networks > Node View page, respectively.

Using the Network View page to configure node IP addresses for a network

1. On the Networks > Network View page, in the network list, click the name of the network that you want to configure.

2. In the panel that opens, click the IP Configuration tab. 3. On the IP Configuration panel, in the node IP addresses table at the bottom of the page, specify the IPv4 and IPv6 addresses that you want to assign to each node included in the network: a. To assign an IPv4 address to a node, in the row for that node, in the text field in the IPv4 Address column, type the IP address that you want to assign to the node on the IPv4 subnet.

b. To assign a primary IPv6 address to a node, in the row for that node, in the text field in the IPv6 Address column, type the IP address that you want to assign to the

node on the primary IPv6 subnet.

c. To automatically generate a primary IPv6 address for each node in the HCP system, click Calculate Primary.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

82/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

If any node already has a primary IPv6 address for the network, the generated primary IPv6 address overwrites the existing address.

You can use Calculate Primary to generate primary IPv6 addresses only if the primary IPv6 address prefix length is 64 or greater.

d. To assign a secondary IPv6 address to a node, in the row for that node, in the text field in the IPv6 Address column, type the IP address that you want to assign to the node on the secondary IPv6 subnet.

e. To automatically generate a secondary IPv6 address for each node in the HCP system, click Calculate Secondary.

If any node already has a secondary IPv6 address for the network, the generated secondary IPv6 address overwrites the existing address.

You can use Calculate Secondary to generate secondary IPv6 addresses only if the secondary IPv6 address prefix length is 64 or greater. Note:

Fields and buttons used to assign IPv4 and IPv6 addresses to nodes appear only when the applicable IP Mode options are selected on the IP Configuration panel. The IPv4 Address column in the node list table appears only when IPv4 is selected. The IPv6 Address and Secondary IP Address columns in the node list table and

Calculate Primary and Calculate Secondary under the node list table appear only when IPv6 is selected.

4. Click Update Settings.

A warning message appears asking you to confirm the changes you’ve made to the IP configuration settings for the network.

5. In the field in the message window, type YES. This is case-sensitive. 6. Click Update Settings.

Using the Node View page to assign network IP addresses to a node 1. On the Networks > Node View page, in the node list, click the number of the node to which you want to assign network IP addresses. 2. On the panel that opens, in the Network Settings table, specify the IP addresses that you want to assign to the node for each network in which you want to include that node: a. To assign an IPv4 address to a node for a network, in the row for that network, in the IP field, type the IP address that you want to assign to the node on the IPv4

subnet defined for the network.

b. To assign a primary IPv6 address to a node for a network, in the row for that network, in the Primary IP field, type the IP address that you want to assign to the node

on the primary IPv6 subnet defined for the network.

c. To automatically generate a primary IPv6 address for the node for each network that is configured to use a primary IPv6 subnet: At the top of the panel, click Calculate IPv6 Addresses. In the Calculate IPv6 Addresses section, click Calculate Primary.