3. In the To field, specify the end date for the time period you want the graphs to cover. If you leave this field blank, the graphs use an end date of 30 days after the date

specified in the From field (or fewer if the From date is less than 30 days ago).

In both fields, you can specify the date in either of these ways:

Click the calendar control ( Type the date you want, in this format: m/d/y

) next to the applicable field and select the date you want.

In this format, m is the one- or two digit month, d is the one- or two-digit day, and y is the two- or four-digit year. You can specify values in either or both of the From and To fields. You cannot leave both fields empty.

4. Click Update Settings.

Scrolling

You can scroll left and right in the resource usage graphs to shift the time period that’s visible in the graphs. Scrolling affects all graphs equally.

To scroll left to see an earlier time period, click the left arrow ( ) above the top left graph.

To scroll right to see a later time period, click the right arrow (

) above the top left graph.

To scroll right or left to see the time period with the currently marked time in the middle, click the vertical line ( ) above the top left graph.

After each scroll action, the scroll controls are momentarily grayed.

Setting the percent by which scrolling shifts the visible time period

You can set the percent by which scrolling shifts the visible time period each time you scroll left or right.

To view the Resources page, you need the monitor or administrator role.

1. On the Resources page, click the edit control ( 2. In the Modify Zoom and Scroll Settings window, select one of these in the Scroll Settings section: ) above the top left graph.

Move left/right by 25%

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

181/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

to shift the visible time period by 25% each time you scroll left or right.

Move left/right by 50%

to shift the visible time period by 50% each time you scroll left or right. Move left/right by 100%

to shift the visible time period by 100% each time you scroll left or right.

3. Click Update Settings.

Viewing system log messages on the Resources page

To display the HCP system log on the Resources page, click Logs at the bottom of the page.

When the Logs section opens, the message at the top of the list is the most recently recorded message before the end of the time period shown in the graphs.

Generating chargeback reports

You can generate chargeback reports from the HCP System Management Console. A chargeback report contains current and historical usage statistics for HCP tenants and their namespaces. For each chargeback report, you specify the start and end dates of the report period, which is the time period that’s covered by the report, and select the reporting interval, which determines whether HCP generates hourly, daily, or total statistics for the specified report period. Chargeback reports are a good source of information for system analysis, enabling you to adjust storage and bandwidth allocations based on usage patterns. These reports can also serve as input to billing systems that need to determine charges for capacity and bandwidth usage at the tenant or namespace level.

Chargeback reports cover only HCP tenants and their namespaces. They do not include the default tenant or its namespace. About chargeback reports

A chargeback report contains aggregated namespace statistics for each HCP tenant that’s defined on the HCP system. For any given tenant, the total number of reads shown for a specific reporting interval is the total number of read operations that occurred during that interval in all the namespaces owned by that tenant.

Chargeback reports also contain aggregated HCP-tenant statistics for the HCP system as a whole. For example, the total number of reads for an HCP system shown for a specific reporting interval is the total number of successful read operations that occurred during that interval in each namespace that’s owned by each HCP tenant that’s defined on the HCP system. System statistics shown in chargeback reports do not include usage data for the default tenant and namespace.