Maximum namespaces reached

The number of namespaces defined in the HCP system is the maximum number allowed.

Metadata balancing...

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

198/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

HCP is in the process of moving object metadata between nodes to achieve a more even distribution of the metadata.

Migration completing - balancing metadata

The Migration service has completed the process of copying objects during a data migration and is now in the process of moving metadata between the remaining nodes to achieve a more even distribution of the metadata. Migration in progress

A data migration is in progress.

MQE index at 50%

The size of the metadata query engine index is 50 to less than 80 percent of either the maximum size allowed for the index or the actual space available for the index,

whichever is less. HCP can no longer optimize the space used by the index. As the index grows, responses to metadata query engine API requests will become slower, as will responses to searches in the Search Console when that Console is using the metadata query engine. Consider adding more storage capacity for the metadata query engine index. If the index includes custom metadata, you can create more space for the index by deleting and then rebuilding the index with custom metadata indexing disabled.

MQE index at 80%; indexing disabled

The size of the metadata query engine index is 80 percent or more of either the maximum size allowed for the index or the actual space available for the index, whichever is less. Metadata query engine indexing has stopped. To enable indexing to continue, add more storage capacity for the metadata query engine index. If the index includes custom metadata, you can create more space for the index by deleting and then rebuilding the index with custom metadata indexing disabled. MQE index partially unavailable

At least one part of the metadata query engine index is unavailable. As a result, indexing has stopped, the metadata query API does not support object-based queries, and, if the metadata query engine is selected for use with the Search

Console, searches in that Console return an error. This status can appear, for example, while an index-enabled logical volume is unavailable. When the situation is resolved, indexing resumes automatically.

MQE indexing unavailable

Metadata query engine indexing is disabled due to insufficient memory. Increase the system memory either by adding storage nodes or by adding memory to existing storage nodes.

Multipath degraded to one

For HCP with SAN-attached storage systems configured with multipathing, the physical connection between a node and the SAN storage has failed Contact your authorized HCP service provider. Network error

One or more nodes are experiencing problems with one or more of their networks. Possible causes for this alert include:

One or more physical network connections to one or more nodes are not working. Check the Storage Node page for each indicated node to see which network interfaces show errors. Then correct any problems with the applicable physical networks. If the networks appear to be working properly, contact your authorized HCP service provider. One or more network interfaces are missing in one or more nodes. Check the Networks page to see which networks have this problem. Then restart those networks.

If the problem persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider. One or more nodes have one or more network interfaces for networks in which the nodes do not have IP addresses. Check the Networks page to see which networks have this problem. Then restart those networks. If the problem persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider. Network warning

One or more nodes are experiencing problems with one or more of their networks. Possible causes for this alert include:

The current MTU for one or more networks on one or more nodes does not match the configured MTU. If the problem is with a user-defined network, restart the network. If that doesn’t resolve the problem, reboot the applicable nodes. If the problem persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider. The current speed of the [hcp_system] network on one or more nodes does not match the configured speed. contact your authorized HCP service provider. (This alert does not apply if the [hcp_system] network speed is set to auto.) The current speed of the [hcp_backend] network on one or more nodes is not the maximum speed possible for that network. contact your authorized HCP service provider.