An AD authentication token consists of an AD username and password separated by a colon, like this:

AD-username:AD-password

For example, here’s the token for the username lgreen and the password p4ssw0rd:

lgreen@example.com:p4sswOrd

Active Directory authorization header

You use the HTTP Authorization request header to provide the authentication token for an AD user accessing HCP through the management API. The value of this header is AD followed by the authentication token, in this format: Authorization: AD authentication-token

For example, here’s the Authorization header for a user named lgreen and password p4ssw0rd:

Authorization: AD lgreen@example.com:p4sswOrd

Specifying the Authorization header with cURL

With cURL, you use the -H option to specify a header. So, for example, a request to list the tenants for the HCP system named hcp.example.com might look like this: curl -i -k -H "Authorization: AD lgreen@example.com:p4sswOrd" "Accept: application/xml" "https://admin.hcp.example.com:9090/mapi/tenants"

Specifying the authentication header in Python with PycURL

Tip: After you log in using the authorization AD header, the response header replies with an hcap Set-Cookie value. You can use this cookie for subsequent authentication requests instead of using the authoriation AD header. For example: curl -ik -b HCAP-Login="acmepKMUfWLEu" "https://tenant.hcp.example.com:9090/mapi/tenants"

In Python with PycURL, you use the HTTPHEADER option to specify a header, as in this example:

curl.setopt(pycurl.HTTPHEADER, ["Authorization: AD lgreen@example.com:p4sswOrd"]) Resources

The main types of HCP management API resources are tenants, namespaces, retention classes, content classes, tenant-level user accounts, and tenant-level group accounts.

Each main type of resource is associated with a set of resource identifiers, each of which identifies one of these:

A list of resources of that type An instance of that type of resource A property of that type of resource that is treated as a resource in its own right.

A resource identifier is the portion of a resource URL that follows mapi.

Examples of using the management API to manipulate resources are also included. All examples assume an HCP system that supports Active Directory.

Additionally, this section contains instructions for paging through, sorting, and filtering the results of GET requests for namespaces, user accounts, and data access permissions. Content class resources

Content class resources let you create, retrieve information about, modify, and delete content classes. These resources are not available for tenants that do not have search configuration enabled.

The tables below provide information about content class resources.

.../tenants/tenant-name/contentClasses Data type

Method

Use

Access

Notes

contentClass

PUT

Create a content class for a tenant

For an HCP tenant, tenant-level user account with the administrator role

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

391/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Data type

Method

Use

Access

Notes

For the default tenant, system-level user account with the administrator role List

GET

Retrieve a list of the content classes for a tenant

For an HCP tenant, tenant-level user account with the monitor or administrator role For the default tenant, system-level user account with the monitor or administrator role

The listed content classes are identified by content class name.

In XML, the element that identifies each content class is name. The root element for the list of content classes is contentClasses.

In JSON, the name in the name/value pair that lists the content classes is name. .../tenants/tenant-name/contentClasses/content-class-name

Data type

Method

Use

Access

Notes

contentClass

GET

Retrieve information about a content class