Namespace

Note: By default, the Metadata Query Engine Console does not display the filters. Instead, it displays a Result Filters option that you can click to display the filters. Search results page

When you select a filter, the Search Results page immediately redisplays the search results with only the objects that match that filter.

You can apply multiple filters to the same list of objects to remove the objects that aren’t of interest. For example if your results included objects in a namespace named finance, you could first refine the list by filtering for objects in the finance namespace, thereby excluding objects in all other namespaces. Then you could further refine the same list by filtering for

objects currently on hold, thereby excluding objects that are not on hold. The resulting list would include only objects in the finance namespace that are on hold.

Note: HCP forms a URL with the filters you apply to a search. If you specify a large number of filters, the URL may become too long for the browser to handle. If this happens, the

browser displays an error message. The Search Results page shows each filter currently in effect as a checkbox option in the Active result filters area below the search criteria.

To remove a filter, deselect it in the Active result filters area. Again, the Search Results page immediately redisplays the search results, this time including the objects previously removed by that filter.

When you apply filters, they remain in effect until you clear the search results either by moving to a different page or, for structured searches only, by clicking Clear. If you change the query criteria without first clearing the current search results, any filters currently in effect are applied to the results of the new search.

Note: Filtering does not change the order of the objects in the search results.

Filtering by retention setting While the metadata query engine is active, the Search Results page lists the possible object retention settings, along with the number of returned objects with each setting. The possible retention settings are Initial Unspecified, Deletion Prohibited, Expired, and Not Expired. Expired means the retention setting is either a specific date and time in the past or Deletion Allowed. Not Expired means the retention setting is a specific date and time in the future.

When an object is assigned to a retention class, HCP indexes it by that class but does not remove the preexisting retention setting from the index. Therefore, if an object is assigned

to a retention class after it was stored, it is still included in the count for the retention setting that it initially had.

Note: The Expired object count includes all objects that are assigned to a retention class, even if their retention periods have not expired. You can select only one retention setting to use as a filter in any given search.

When you select a retention setting, the Search Results page redisplays the search results, including only objects with the selected setting. The setting itself appears in the Active result filters area.

Filtering by retention class

While the metadata query engine is active, the Search Results page lists retention classes to which objects in the search results belong, along with the number of returned objects in

each class. The list includes only the one hundred classes that occur most often in the search results.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

886/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Tip: You can use a structured search to find objects that belong to any class, not just the one hundred most frequent classes.

The retention classes on the Search Results page are listed in descending order of frequency. You can select only one retention class to use as a filter in any given search. When you select a retention class, the Search Results page redisplays the search results, including only objects in the selected class. The name of the retention class appears in the Active result filters area.

Filtering by hold status

While the metadata query engine is active, the Search Results page lists the possible hold statuses, Held or Not Held, along with the number of returned objects to which each setting applies.

When you select Held or Not Held, the Search Results page redisplays the search results, including only objects with the selected hold status. The setting itself appears in the Active result filters area.

Filtering by namespace

The Search Results page lists namespaces in which objects in the search results are located, along with the number of returned objects in each namespace. The name of the tenant