The storage capacity of the storage license has been exceeded.

Contact HCP support to procure a new license. Username mapping invalid

In the username mapping file used by the CIFS protocol for the default namespace, one or more usernames map to the same UID. Only one username can map to any given UID.

Hardware page alerts

The System Management Console uses system health icons for alerts that appear on the Hardware page. These alerts are described in the table below. The alerts are listed alphabetically by their hover text. Alerts with text beginning with a number are listed first, in alphabetical order by the variable that represents the number. HCP

bad-fan-count of fan-count chassis fans indicating problems

One or more fans in one or more CB 320 server chassis are not functioning properly. Contact your authorized HCP service provider.

bad-power-supply-count of power-supply-count chassis power supplies indicating problems

One or more power supplies in one or more CB 320 server chassis are not functioning properly. Contact your authorized HCP service provider.

fan-count of fan-count chassis fans operating normally

All fans on all CB 320 server chassis are functioning properly.

power-supply-count of power-supply-count chassis power supplies operating normally

All power supplies on all CB 320 server chassis are functioning properly.

BBU charging

For HCP with internal storage systems only, the battery backup unit in the node is charging.

BBU degraded; charging

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

203/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM Content Platform System Management Help

For HCP with internal storage systems only, the battery backup unit in the node is charging.

The write-cache is disabled on the node.

BBU degraded; discharging

For HCP with internal storage systems only, the battery backup unit in the node is discharging. The write-cache is disabled on the node. BBU discharging

For HCP with internal storage systems only, the battery backup unit in the node is discharging.

BBU failed

For HCP with internal storage systems only, the battery backup unit in the node has failed. The write-cache is disabled on the node. If this alert appears for more than a few hours, contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Fan speed critical

IPMI sensors are detecting one or more fans with critically high or low speeds. Shut down the node and contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Fan speed out of normal range

IPMI sensors are detecting one or more fans with speeds above or below the recommended range, but not critically so. Monitor the fan speeds on the Storage Node page. If they do not return to normal, contact your authorized HCP service provider. File system failure

One or more file systems have no more available space or no more available inodes. Contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Metadata query engine failure

The metadata query engine is not running on the node, most likely because the node is unavailable.

When the node becomes available again, the engine should automatically restart on it. If it doesn’t, disable and then reenable metadata query engine indexing. If the problem persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider.

Multipath degraded

For HCP with SAN-attached storage systems configured with multipathing, the physical connection between the node and the SAN storage has failed. Contact your authorized HCP service provider. NIC failure

The node is experiencing problems with one or more of its networks. Possible causes for this alert include:

One or more physical network connections to the node are not working. Check the Storage Node page for the node to see which network interfaces show errors. Then correct any problems with the applicable physical networks. If the networks appear to be working properly, Contact your authorized HCP service provider. The node is missing one or more network interfaces. Check the Networks page to see which networks have this problem. Then restart those networks. If the problem persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider. The node has one or more network interfaces for networks in which it does not have IP addresses. Check the Networks page to see which networks have this problem. Then restart those networks. If the problem persists, contact your authorized HCP service provider. No IPMI status available for chassis fans