Introduction to Hitachi Content Platform

Hitachi Content Platform (HCP) is a robust storage system designed to support large, growing repositories of fixed-content data. HCP stores objects that include both data and metadata that describes that data. Objects exist in buckets, which are logical partitions of the repository.

HCP provides access to the repository through a variety of industry-standard protocols, as well as through various HCP-specific interfaces. One of these interfaces is the Hitachi API for Amazon S3, a RESTful, HTTP-based API that is compatible with Amazon S3. About Hitachi Content Platform

Hitachi Content Platform is a combination of hardware and software that provides an object-based data storage environment. An HCP repository stores all types of data, from simple text files to medical images to multigigabyte database images.

HCP provides easy access to the repository for adding, retrieving, and deleting data. HCP uses write-once, read-many (WORM) storage technology and a variety of policies and

internal processes to ensure the integrity and availability of the stored data. Object-based storage

HCP stores objects in a repository. Each object permanently associates data HCP receives (for example, a document, an image, or a movie) with information about that data, called metadata.

An object encapsulates:

Fixed-content data

An exact digital reproduction of data as it existed before it was stored in HCP. Once it’s in the repository, this fixed-content data cannot be modified. System metadata

System-managed properties that describe the fixed-content data (for example, its size and creation date). System metadata includes policies, such as retention, that influence how transactions and internal processes affect the object.

Custom metadata

Optional metadata that a user or application provides to further describe the object. Custom metadata is specified as one or more annotations, where each annotation is a discrete unit of information about the object. You can use custom metadata to create self-describing objects. Users and applications can use this metadata to understand and repurpose object content. Access control list (ACL)

Optional metadata consisting of a set of grants of permissions to perform various operations on the object. Permissions can be granted to individual users or to groups of users. Like custom metadata, ACLs are provided by users or applications.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

541/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

HCP can store multiple versions of an object, thus providing a history of how the data has changed over time. Each version is a separate object, with its own system metadata and, optionally, its own custom metadata and ACL. HCP supports multipart uploads with the Hitachi API for Amazon S3. With a multipart upload, the data for an object is broken into multiple parts that are written to HCP independently of each other. Even though the data is written in multiple parts, the result of a multipart upload is a single object. An object for which the data is stored in multiple parts is called a multipart object.

HCP supports uploads using HTML forms in POST requests. POST object uploads can reduce latency. Because an object is uploaded in a single operation, an HTTP success response indicates that the entire object has been stored. Buckets and tenants

An HCP repository is partitioned into buckets. A bucket is a logical grouping of objects such that the objects in one bucket are not visible in any other bucket. Buckets are also called namespaces.

Buckets provide a mechanism for separating the data stored for different applications, business units, or customers. For example, you could have one bucket for accounts receivable and another for accounts payable.

Buckets also enable operations to work against selected subsets of objects. For example, you could perform a query that targets the accounts receivable and accounts payable buckets but not the employees bucket.

Buckets are owned and managed by administrative entities called tenants. A tenant typically corresponds to an organization, such as a company or a division or department within a company. In addition to being owned by a tenant, each bucket can have an owner that corresponds to an individual HCP user. The owner of a bucket automatically has permission to perform certain operations on that bucket.

HCP nodes

The core hardware for an HCP system consists of servers that are networked together. These servers are called nodes.