2. Click the find control (

).

To redisplay the entire list of user accounts after filtering it, click the clear filter control (

).

Creating a user account

1. On the Users page in the Tenant Management Console, click Create User Account. 2. In the Create User Account panel, in the Username field, type a login name for the user account.

User names can be from one through 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters but cannot start with an opening square bracket ([). White space is allowed. User names are not case sensitive. The user name must be unique for the current tenant. Different tenants can have user accounts with the same user name. You can reuse user names that are not currently in use. For example, if you delete a user account, you can create a new account with the same user name.

Tip: Consider using email addresses as usernames. This gives you easy access to email addresses should you need to contact users.

3. In the Full Name field, type the name of the person for whom you are creating the account.

This name can be from one through 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space.

4. (Optional) Clear Enable account to have the user account initially disabled.

A disabled user account cannot be used to access the Tenant Management Console or HCP Search Console. It can, however, be used for namespace access with the HTTP protocol and Namespace Browser. 5. For the Authentication option, select either Local or, for remote authentication, RADIUS.

If you select Local, the panel displays the Password and Confirm Password fields and Force change on next login option. If you select RADIUS, these fields are hidden. For local authentication:

a. In the Password field, type a password for the user account.

Passwords can be up to 64 characters long, are case sensitive, and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters including white space. To be valid, a password must

include at least one character from two of these three groups: alphabetic, numeric, and other. Note: HCP does not save passwords in a recoverable format. If a user forgets his or her password, you need to assign a new one.

b. In the Confirm Password field, retype the password. c. (Optional) Select Force change on next login.

When this option is selected, the next time a user uses the account to log into the Tenant Management Console, the Console automatically displays the Change Password page. The user cannot do anything else in the Console until the password is changed. After the user changes the password, Force change on next login is automatically cleared. 6. In the Roles section, select any number of roles for the user account, or none. 7. (Optional) Specify a description for the user account. a. Click Description. b. In the Description field, type a description of the user account.

This text can be up to 1,024 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space.

8. (Optional) If you have the administrator role, select Allow namespace management.

If the account you are creating has the administrator role, this option is selected automatically and cannot be cleared.

9. (Optional) If you have the administrator role, click Assign Namespace Permissions. Then associate data-access permissions with the user account.

You cannot associate data-access permissions with a RADIUS authenticated user account.

10. Click Create User Account.

Modifying a user account and its roles

As a user with the security role, you can change this information about a user account: The username. The full name.

The password. The roles associated with the account. Whether the account is enabled. If you disable an account while the user is currently logged in, the user is immediately prevented from taking any further actions. Note: You can disable your own account. Once you disable it, however, you cannot reenable it yourself. Whether to force a password change at the next login.

You cannot change the user ID or type of authentication. The user ID is displayed with other account details when you view an individual account as a user with the security role.