Unavailable objects

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

307/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help One or more of the tenant's namespaces contain unavailable objects. Please contact your HCP system administrator. Namespaces page alerts

AD single sign-on access disabled.

Active Directory single sign-on is currently not working with the HTTP protocol. Please contact your HCP system administrator.

Anonymous access allowed

One or more enabled protocols allow clients to access the namespace without presenting user credentials for authentication.

Content classes but no custom metadata indexing

The namespace is associated with one or more content classes, but custom metadata indexing is disabled for the namespace. The metadata query engine is not indexing content properties for objects in the namespace.

DPL 1 namespace is not replicating

The namespace has a DPL of 1 (one) and is not being replicated. All HCP namespaces with a DPL of 1 should be replicated to ensure that the stored data is protected. If replication is not available, increase the namespace DPL. This alert appears only in HCP systems in which setting the DPL to one for a namespace can leave objects unprotected. Hard quota exceeded

The amount of storage used by the namespace exceeds the hard quota configured for the namespace. Clients will not be able to add data to the namespace until either some existing objects are deleted or you increase the hard quota.

Namespace namespace-name has irreparable-object-count irreparable objects

The namespace contains the indicated number of irreparable objects. Please contact your HCP system administrator.

To see which objects are irreparable, go to the Irreparable Objects panel for the namespace.

Namespace namespace-name has irreparable-object-count irreparable objects and unavailable-object-count unavailable objects

The namespace contains the indicated number of irreparable objects and the indicated number of unavailable objects. Please contact your HCP system administrator. To see which objects are irreparable, go to the Irreparable Objects panel for the namespace.

Namespace namespace-name has unavailable-object-count unavailable objects The namespace contains the indicated number of unavailable objects. Please contact your HCP system administrator.

Namespace setting for CIFS authenticated access not supported by system configuration

The namespace requires authentication for CIFS-based data access. However the system is currently not configured to support the use of authenticated CIFS.

Nonreplicating objects

The namespace contains objects that are not replicating. Please contact your HCP system administrator.

Soft quota exceeded

The amount of storage used by the namespace exceeds the soft quota configured for the namespace. Consider deleting some objects from the namespace or increasing its hard quota. Versioning without REST API

The namespace has versioning enabled, but the REST API is not enabled. Versioning works only with the REST API.

Namespaces Overview panel alerts

Anonymous access allowed

One or more enabled protocols allow clients to access the namespace without presenting user credentials for authentication.

DPL 1 namespace is not replicating

The namespace has a DPL of 1 (one) and is not being replicated. All HCP namespaces with a DPL of 1 should be replicated to ensure that the stored data is protected. If replication is not available, increase the namespace DPL. This alert appears only in HCP systems in which setting the DPL to one for a namespace can leave objects unprotected.

Hard quota exceeded

The amount of storage used by the namespace exceeds the hard quota configured for the namespace. Clients will not be able to add data to the namespace until either

some existing objects are deleted or you increase the hard quota. Irreparable and unavailable objects

The namespace contains irreparable objects and unavailable objects. Please contact your HCP system administrator. To see which objects are irreparable, go to the Irreparable Objects panel for the namespace. Irreparable objects

The namespace contains irreparable objects. Please contact your HCP system administrator.

To see which objects are irreparable, go to the Irreparable Objects panel for the namespace.

Namespace setting for CIFS authenticated access not supported by system configuration

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

308/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM