The country for the tenant contact. Country names can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF‑8 characters, including white space.

4. Click Update Contact Info.

Changing the tenant permission mask

When a tenant is created, its data access permission mask includes all permissions. You can change the permission mask for the current tenant at any time.

To change the tenant permission mask, you need the administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Overview. 2. On the tenant Overview page, click the edit link for the Permissions section.

The Console displays a set of checkboxes for the possible permissions. The permissions that are currently in the tenant permission mask are selected.

3. Select or deselect permissions as needed to modify the permission mask.

Selecting Purge automatically selects Delete. Selecting Search automatically selects Read.

4. Click Submit.

Changing the tenant description The tenant description is optional. You can enter a description or modify the existing description at any time.

To change the tenant description, you need the administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Overview. 2. On the tenant Overview page, click the edit link for the Description section. 3. In the edit area for the description, type the new description of the tenant.

The description can be up to 1,024 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

262/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

4. Click Submit.

Enabling or disabling system-level administrative access

You can choose whether to grant HCP system-level users administrative access to the current tenant. By default, when a tenant is created, this access is not enabled. You can change this at any time. To enable or disable system-level administrative access to the tenant, you need the administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Overview.

2. On the tenant Overview page, take either of these actions:

To grant access, select Allow HCP system-level users to manage me and search across my space. To deny access, deselect Allow HCP system-level users to manage me and search across my space. Controlling access to the Tenant Management Console

You can choose to allow access to the Tenant Management Console only from specific IP addresses. Similarly, you can choose to deny access to the Console from specific IP addresses.

You use the Console Security page in the Tenant Management Console to configure access to the Console. To display this page, in the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, select Security > Console Security.

To view or modify the Console Security page, you need the security role.

To control access to the Tenant Management Console, on the Console Security page:

Optionally, in the Allow/Deny section, specify IP addresses to be allowed or denied access to the Console. To specify how HCP should handle IP addresses that appear in both or neither of the Allow and Deny lists, select or deselect Allow request when same IP is used in both lists. Changes to this option take effect immediately.

Controlling access to HCP through the management API For you to use the HCP management API with a tenant-level user account, the API must be enabled for both the HCP system and the tenant. Additionally, the API must be configured at the tenant level to allow access from your client IP address.

Enabling the management API also enables the use of the S3 compatible APIs to perform these bucket (S3 compatible API) and container activities:

Create buckets or containers List the buckets or containers you own Enable, disable, or check the status of versioning for a bucket (S3 compatible API only) Add, retrieve (S3 compatible API only), or remove an access control list (ACL) for a bucket or container Delete a bucket or container

You use the Management API page in the Tenant Management Console to enable and configure the management API at the tenant level. To display this page, in the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, select Security > MAPI.

To view and modify the HCP management API configuration, you need the security role. 1. Enable the management API.

In the Management API Settings section: