object data. Retry the request, targeting a different system in the replication topology.

For a PUT request to copy an object or version, the source object is in the process of being deleted.

For a PUT request to copy an object or version, the source object exists, but the HCP system does not have the source object data. Retry the request, targeting a different system in the replication topology.

412

Precondition Failed

GET, HEAD, or PUT with If-

One of:

Match or If-Unmodified- Since header

The request specified an If-Match header, and the ETag of the requested object or version does not match the value in the header.

PUT with

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

820/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Code

Meaning

Methods

Description

If-None-Match, X-HCP-Copy-Source-If- Match, or

A PUT request specified an If-None-Match header, and the ETag of the requested object or version matches the value in the header. The request specified an If-Unmodified-Since header, and the object change time is after the time specified in the header.

X-HCP-Copy-Source-If- Unmodified-Since header

413

File Too Large

PUT

One of:

Not enough space is available to store the object. Try the request again after

objects or versions are deleted from the namespace or the namespace capacity is increased.

The request is trying to save an object that is larger than two TB. HCP cannot store objects larger than two TB.

The request is trying to store a default annotation that is larger than one GB or any other annotation that is larger than one MB.

414 Request URI Too Large

All

The portion of the URL following rest is longer than 4,095 bytes.

415

Unsupported Media Type

POST

One of:

The request has a Content-Encoding header with a value other than gzip. For a PUT request for an ACL, the request has a Content-Type header with a value other than application/xml or application/json.

416 Requested Range Not Satisfiable

GET with a Range header

One of:

The specified start position is greater than the size of the requested data.

The size of the specified range is zero.

500

Internal Server Error

All

An internal error occurred. Try the request again, gradually increasing the delay between each successive attempt.

If this error happens repeatedly, please contact your tenant administrator.

503 Service Unavailable

All

One of:

The request includes a Content-Length header with a value larger than the length of the message body For a GET request to retrieve object data or an annotation, the request specifies the nowait query parameter, and HCP determined that the request would have taken a significant amount of time to return the data.

HCP is temporarily unable to handle the request, probably due to system overload, maintenance, or upgrade.

In the last two cases, try the request again, gradually increasing the delay between each successive attempt. If the error persists, please contact your tenant administrator.

If more information about the error is available, the response headers include the HCP- specific X-HCP-ErrorMessage header. REST API non-HTTP response headers

The headers returned by HCP in response to REST API requests are either standard HTTP response headers or HCP-specific response headers. The following table describes the HCP-specific response headers.

Header

Methods

Description

X-HCP-ACL

HEAD for an object, version, or ACLs

A true or false value indicating whether the object has an ACL. GET for objects and object versions

X-HCP-ChangeTimeMilliseconds

GET or HEAD for an object,

The change time for the object or annotation, in milliseconds since

version, or annotation

January 1, 1970, at 00:00:00 UTC, followed by an integer that’s unique for the change time

X-HCP-ChangeTimeString

GET or HEAD for objects, object versions, and annotations