Creating a service schedule

You can create new service schedules from existing schedules. In this case, the new schedule is initially the same as the schedule from which you created it. After creating the schedule, you can modify it in any way you want.

Alternatively, you can create a new schedule by starting with a blank schedule grid. Tip: To facilitate modification of a new schedule, create the schedule from the existing schedule that’s the most similar to what you want the new schedule to be.

Optionally, if you’re creating the new schedule from an existing schedule, in the field on the left above the schedule grid, select the existing schedule. Click Create New Schedule.

In the Create New Schedule window, type a name for the new schedule. Schedule names must be from one through 64 characters long, can contain only alphanumeric characters,

hyphens (-), underscores (_), periods (.), commas (,), and spaces, and are not case-sensitive.

You cannot use the name HCP Default Schedule or HCP Spindown Schedule for a schedule you create.

Select either From currently loaded schedule to create the schedule from the existing schedule you selected or From blank schedule to start with a blank schedule grid.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

107/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Click Save.

The schedule grid shows the new schedule. This schedule is not active.

Modifying a service schedule To view service schedules and log messages about service activity, you need the monitor or administrator role. To create, modify, activate, and delete service schedules, you need the administrator role.

1. In the field on the left above the schedule grid, select the service schedule you want to modify. 2. Add, modify, or delete time periods in the schedule as needed. 3. Click Update Schedule.

Adding a time period

To add a time period to a service schedule:

1. In the field on the left above the schedule grid, select the service schedule to which you want to add the time period. 2. Take one of these actions in the schedule grid:

Click in the hour at which you want the time period to start. By default, this defines a two-hour time period. You can change the start and end times before saving the time period. Click and drag from one hour (the start time) to another (the end time) in the same day. You can change the start and end times before saving the time period. Click an existing time period. Click the name of a weekday. This defines a 24-hour time period for that day. When you save this time period, all other time periods that are scheduled for that day are deleted.

Click All. This defines seven 24-hour time periods — one for each day of the week. When you save these time periods, all other time periods in the schedule are deleted.

An Edit window appears. For a time period other than a weekday or all, the top of this window shows the number of hours in the time period and the start and end times.

The Edit window lists the schedulable services. For each service, the window contains a Level field. The window also indicates the status of the service:

Service not scheduled The service is not scheduled in the time period you’re editing or in any time period that overlaps the time period you’re editing. The performance level is Off.

Service scheduled

The service is scheduled in the time period you’re editing. The performance level is Low, Medium, or High.

Service already scheduled

The service is scheduled in a time period that overlaps the time period you’re editing. No performance level is shown. Conflict with service-name service

The service cannot run at the same time as the named service, which is already scheduled to run in the time period you’re editing. No performance level is shown.

3. Optionally, for a time period other than a weekday or all, select a different start time in the From field. 4. Optionally, for a time period other than a weekday or all, select a different end time in the To field. 5. For each service you want to run during the time period, select a performance level of Low, Medium, or High in the Level field. At least one service must be scheduled to run in the time period.