You need to submit the changes you make before switching to a different page or panel. If you switch without submitting your changes, the Console does not retain them.

For some checkbox options, selecting or deselecting the checkbox causes that change to take effect immediately.

After you submit changes, the Console displays a message indicating whether HCP successfully made the changes. To hide the message, click Dismiss in the message area.

Changing your password Depending on how your HCP user account is set up, HCP might authenticate your username and password locally or remotely when you log in. If your account is set up for local authentication, you can change your password in the System Management Console. When you change your password in this Console, it also changes for any other HCP interfaces

to which your user account gives you access.

If your account is set up for remote authentication or if you use an AD user account to access the Console, you use a method outside HCP to change your password.

The next procedure describes how to change your locally authenticated password using the System Management Console.

1. Log into the System Management Console using your existing password.

2. In the top right corner of the Console window, click Password. 3. On the Change Password page: a. In the Existing password field, type your current password.

b. In the New password field, type your new password. Passwords can be up to 64 characters long, are case sensitive, and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters including white space. To be valid, a password must include at least one character from two of these three groups: alphabetic, numeric, and other. When changing your password, you cannot reuse your current

password.

c. In the Confirm New Password field, type your new password again.

4. Click Update Password.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

13/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Logging out

To log out of the System Management Console:

1. In the top right corner of the Console window, click Log Out.

2. If you explicitly logged in, close the browser window to ensure that other users cannot go back into the System Management Console using the credentials you used to log

in. Tip: For extra security, clear the browser cache before closing the window. HCP administrative responsibilities

HCP administrative responsibilities consist of:

Managing HCP user and group accounts Monitoring the HCP system

Configuring the system

Managing the system hardware

Managing tenants Managing repository access across all namespaces

Ensuring HCP system recovery

Helping with troubleshooting

Most system configuration activities are one-time operations that you perform when HCP is first installed. Most monitoring and management activities are ongoing.

You perform configuration, monitoring, and management activities in the HCP System Management Console.

Managing user and group accounts

HCP user and group accounts determine whether you can log into the HCP System Management Console, Tenant Management Console for the default tenant, or Search Console

for access to the default namespace. For the System Management Console and Tenant Management Consoles, they also determine which actions you’re allowed to perform after logging in. You use the System Management Console to create, modify, and delete system-level user and group accounts. For each HCP user account, you specify whether it’s authenticated

locally or by RADIUS. To enable RADIUS authentication, you need to configure connections to one or more RADIUS servers.

You also use the System Management Console to configure login settings for the Console as a whole.

Additionally, you use the System Management Console to clear the AD cache. You may need to do this, for example, to immediately discontinue system access by a user whose AD

user account is no longer valid.

Monitoring the system

HCP is a self-monitoring, self-healing system that automatically alerts you to problems it cannot resolve itself. It also provides the means for you to monitor it. This type of monitoring entails:

Periodically checking the status of hardware, system resources, services, and available storage. Watching for alerts that may indicate conditions requiring human intervention. Periodically reviewing system resource usage and the system log to ensure that HCP is running smoothly and not exceeding its storage license.