Lists the tenant's namespaces that are currently selected for replication. Important:

In the Namespaces Selected for Replication section, rows containing namespaces that have been deleted from HCP are highlighted in red and have a trash can icon

(

) on the right. HCP automatically removes each deleted namespace from this list after the deletion has been replicated.

Do not manually remove deleted namespaces from this list. If you do, the deletion will not be replicated.

Disabling replication for a namespace that has already been replicated may cause object data in that namespace to become inaccessible on one or more systems in the replication topology. Select Namespaces for Replication

Lists the tenant's namespaces that are not currently selected for replication.

To close the Manage Namespaces window without taking any action, click the close control ( ) in the upper right corner.

1. (Optional) Filter the list of namespaces in the Select Namespaces for Replication section. 2. For each listed namespace you want to select for replication, click in the namespace row. The namespace is selected, and the namespace row changes color.

To select all the namespaces in the list, click Select All above the list. To deselect a selected namespace, click in the namespace row.

To deselect all the selected namespaces, click Clear.

3. Click Update.

Deselecting HCP namespaces for tenants in an active/passive link

You select and deselect HCP namespaces for replication in the Manage Namespaces window for the tenant that owns the namespaces. To open this window, in the link content

Tenants panel, click the manage namespaces control ( itself.

) for the owning tenant. This control is present only if the tenant has granted system-level users administrative access to When you start from an active/passive link, the Manage Namespaces window has these sections:

Namespaces Selected for Replication

Lists the tenant's namespaces that are currently selected for replication. Important:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

346/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

In the Namespaces Selected for Replication section, rows containing namespaces that have been deleted from HCP are highlighted in red and have a trash can icon

(

) on the right. HCP automatically removes each deleted namespace from this list after the deletion has been replicated.

Do not manually remove deleted namespaces from this list. If you do, the deletion will not be replicated.

Disabling replication for a namespace that has already been replicated may cause object data in that namespace to become inaccessible on one or more systems in the replication topology. Select Namespaces for Replication

Lists the tenant's namespaces that are not currently selected for replication.

To close the Manage Namespaces window without taking any action, click the close control (

) in the upper right corner.

1. (Optional) Filter the list of namespaces in the Namespaces Selected for Replication section. 2. For each listed namespace you want to deselect from replication, click in the namespace row. The namespace is selected, and the namespace row changes color.

To select all the namespaces in the list, click Select All above the list.

To deselect a selected namespace, click in the namespace row. To deselect all the selected namespaces, click Clear.

3. Click Update.

Adding default-namespace directories in an active/passive link

The link content Default Tenant panel for an active/passive link has these sections: Directories Replicating

Lists the default-namespace directories already included on the link.

Local Directories

For outbound links only, lists the default-namespace directories on the local system that are not currently included on the link. This list does not include directories that are either:

Read-only on the local system due to replication Included on a link that is chained into the current link

This section is not present for inbound links. Remote Directories

For inbound links only, lists the default-namespace directories on the other system involved in the link that are not currently included on the link. This list does not include directories that are either:

Read-only on the other system due to replication Included on a link that is chained into the current link

This section is not present for outbound links.