Deleting a bucket

You use the HTTP DELETE method to delete a bucket. To delete a bucket, you need to be the bucket owner.

You can delete a bucket only while it’s empty. If you try to delete a bucket that contains any objects, HCP returns a 409 (Conflict) status code and does not delete the bucket. Request line

Depending on whether the bucket name is included in the hostname in the S3 compatible request, a request to delete a bucket has either of these formats:

With the bucket name included in the hostname:

DELETE / HTTP/1.1

With the bucket name following the hostname:

DELETE /bucket-name HTTP/1.1

Required headers

The list below describes the headers you can use in a request to delete a bucket. Authorization

Specifies user credentials or requests anonymous access.

Date

Specifies the date and time when the request is being made according to the requester. Normally, this is the current date and time. The date and time must always be specified using Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). To specify the date and time, use this format: DDD, dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss (+0000|GMT)

In this format:

DDD

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

601/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The three-letter abbreviation for the day of the week, with an uppercase first letter (for example, Mon).

dd

The two-digit day of the month. MMM

The three-letter abbreviation for the month, with an uppercase first letter (for example, Feb).

yyyy

The four-digit year.

HH

The hour on a 24-hour clock.

mm

The number of minutes.

ss

The number of seconds.

For example:

Thu, 23 Mar 2017 14:27:05 +0000

All S3 compatible requests must include either a Date header or an x-amz-date header. If a request includes both headers, HCP uses the date and time in the x-amz-date header. Host

Specifies the hostname for the request. The host name identifies either a tenant or a bucket. For a tenant, use this format:

tenant-name.hcp-domain-name

For a bucket, use this format:

bucket-name.tenant-name.hcp-domain-name

x-amz-date

Specifies the date and time at which the request is being made according to the requester. Normally, this is the current date and time. For the valid values for this header, see the description of the Date header above. Response header

The list below describes the header returned in response to a successful request to delete a bucket.

Date

The date and time when HCP responded to the request, in Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). The date and time are returned in this format:

DDD dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss GMT

For example:

Fri, 18 Sep 2020 14:27:05 GMT Status codes

The table below describes HTTP status codes that can be returned in response to a request to delete a bucket.

Code

Meaning

Description

204

No Content

HCP successfully deleted the bucket.

403

Forbidden

Possible reasons include:

The credentials provided with the request are invalid. You are not the bucket owner. The S3 compatible API is currently disabled for the specified bucket. The tenant does not currently support use of the S3 compatible API for deleting buckets.

404 Not Found

The specified bucket does not exist.

409

Conflict

The specified bucket is not empty.

500

Internal Server Error

An internal error occurred.

If this error persists, contact your tenant administrator.

503

Service Unavailable

HCP is temporarily unable to handle the request, probably due to system overload, maintenance, or upgrade. Try the request again, gradually increasing the delay between each successive attempt.

If this error persists, contact your tenant administrator.

Example: Deleting a bucket