formatted as an IP address.

10. Click Go.

11. Click Finish.

Deleting a bucket

1. Go to the Storage > Components page.

2. Click an S Series Node.

3. On the Storage > Node page, click the Buckets tab.

4. Click the delete control on the right side of the bucket. A Confirm: Delete window appears.

5. Click Delete.

Adding an existing bucket to an HCP S Series storage component

Buckets can be created and not added to their respective account. When this occurs, the buckets are not displayed on the Buckets tab and cannot have objects tiered to them from the HCP system.

1. On the Buckets tab, click Add Buckets.

A Select Account drop down menu appears.

2. Select the account to which the bucket is assigned and click Continue.

All buckets assigned to the account appear in the Available Buckets field. Buckets that are already added to the account are selected.

3. Select the buckets you want to add from the Available Buckets field.

4. Click Finish.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

43/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Adding an existing S Series Node user account

Aside from the S Series Node user account that’s automatically generated when an S Series Node is added to your HCP system, S Series Node user accounts are created on the

HCP S Series Management Console. The accounts are independent of the HCP system and can exist without appearing on the HCP System Management Console. If you want user accounts to appear on the HCP system, they need to be manually added.

To add an S Series Node user account to HCP, you need an access key and secret key. For more information about these keys, see the HCP S Series Node Help.

Tip:

After multiple user accounts have been added to the HCP system, you can change the owner of a bucket by clicking the gear beside a bucket on the Storage > Components page

and selecting the new owner.

1. On the Buckets tab of an S Series Node, click Accounts.

2. Click Add Accounts. An Add Account wizard opens.

3. In the Account Label field, type the name you want to give the S Series Node user account on HCP.

4. In the Access Key field, type your account access key.

5. In the Secret Key field, type your account secret key.

6. Optionally, if you want custom request headers: a. Click Custom Request Headers.

b. Type the header name in the blank text field.

c. Click Add. d. In the Value field, type the header value.

7. Click Finish.

Updating the owner of a bucket

Before you update the owner of a bucket, make sure you have created an additional S Series Node user account.

1. Go to the Storage > Components page. 2. Click an S Series Node.

3. On the Storage > Node page, click the Buckets tab.

4. Click the bucket that you have created and want to update.

5. In the Select Account section that opens, select the account that you want to own the bucket.

6. Click Continue. Deleting an S Series Node user account

Except for the S Series Node user account that's automatically created when you add the S Series Node to the HCP system, all other accounts can be deleted. Deleting an S Series

Node user account does not delete it permanently, but rather removes the account from the HCP system. The account still exists and can be added back to the HCP system. An

account can be removed only after all buckets on the account have been deleted.

1. On the Buckets tab of an S Series Node, click Accounts.

2. Click the garbage can icon beside the account you want to delete. 3. In the warning message that appears, type Yes. 4. Click Delete.

Working with extended storage components

HCP uses extended storage components to provide you with an interface to use, manage, and monitor extended storage devices and cloud storage service endpoints.