https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

180/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

You can zoom in on the graphs to more easily see the individual data points in them. Zooming in changes the time period visible in each graph but does not change the height of the graphs. You can zoom in until the visible time period is one day. You can zoom out until the visible time period is 30 days.

Zooming affects all the graphs equally.

To zoom in, click the plus control ( ) above the top left graph.

To zoom out, click the minus control (

) above the top left graph.

After each zoom action, the zoom controls are momentarily grayed.

Setting the amount by which zooming increases or decreases

You can set the amount by which zooming increases or decreases the visible time period each time you zoom.

To view the Resources page, you need the monitor or administrator role.

1. On the Resources page, click the edit control ( 2. In the Modify Zoom and Scroll Settings window, select one of these in the Zoom Settings section: ) above the top left graph. Incremental zoom

to increase or decrease the visible time period by a factor of two each time you zoom in or out

Maximum zoom

to decrease the visible time period to one day when you zoom in or to increase the visible time period to 30 days (or fewer if the system was installed less than 30 days ago) when you zoom out

3. Click Update Settings.

Viewing details for a point in time

In each resource usage graph, a vertical line serves as a time marker. The marked time is displayed in the middle above the graphs. The graph legends show the detailed resource usage statistics for the marked time.

To show detailed statistics for a different time, you reposition the time marker. The time marker is always in the same location in all the graphs, so when you reposition it in one graph, it changes in all.

To reposition the time marker, click in the graph at the point in time to which you want the marker to move.

Specifying a time period Above the resource usage graphs, the Resources page displays the start time of the currently visible time period on the left and the end time on the right. By default, when you open the page, the graphs show statistics for 30 days (or fewer if the system was installed less than 30 days ago), ending with the day of the most recently recorded SAR data.

You can change the time period shown in the graphs by selecting new start and end dates. The time period you specify can be at most 30 days. This time period applies to all the graphs.

HCP keeps SAR data for 180 days. As a result, the start date you specify cannot be more than 180 days in the past.

You can change the time period shown in the resource usage graphs.

To view the Resources page, you need the monitor or administrator role. 1. On the Resources page, click the calendar control ( 2. In the Modify Date Range window, in the From field, specify the start date for the time period you want the graphs to cover. If you leave this field blank, the graphs use a start date of 30 days before the date specified in the To field (or fewer if the system was installed less than 30 days ago).

3. In the To field, specify the end date for the time period you want the graphs to cover. If you leave this field blank, the graphs use an end date of 30 days after the date

specified in the From field (or fewer if the From date is less than 30 days ago).

In both fields, you can specify the date in either of these ways:

Click the calendar control ( Type the date you want, in this format: m/d/y

) next to the applicable field and select the date you want.

In this format, m is the one- or two digit month, d is the one- or two-digit day, and y is the two- or four-digit year. You can specify values in either or both of the From and To fields. You cannot leave both fields empty.

4. Click Update Settings.

Scrolling

You can scroll left and right in the resource usage graphs to shift the time period that’s visible in the graphs. Scrolling affects all graphs equally.