To delete a tenant, you need the administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu of the System Management Console, click Tenants.

2. In the list of tenants, click the delete control ( 3. In response to the confirming message, click Delete.

) for the tenant that you want to delete.

Changing the product branding

By default, the graphical user interfaces that HCP provides for tenant and namespace access are branded for the company Hitachi and the product Hitachi Content Platform. The elements that show this are: In the Tenant Management Console and Namespace Browser:

The company logo that appears in the top right corner of each page except the login page The product name that appears:

In the title bar of the browser window for all pages In the top portion of the login page Above the top-level menu on every page except the login page

The product name abbreviation that appears before the product name in the title bar of the browser window for the login page

The following figure highlights the branding elements that appear on each page of the Tenant Management Console except the login page. In the HCP Search Console:

The company logo that appears in the top right corner of every page except the login page The product name that appears:

In the title bar of the browser window for the login page In the top portion of the login page

You can change these elements to show your own company logo and product name. You can also reset them to show the Hitachi and HCP branding.

For the company logo, HCP supports BMP, GIF, JPEG, JPG, and PNG images that are no larger than two MB. For best results, the logo should be 77 pixels wide by 19 pixels high and should have a transparent background. Logos with other dimensions are resized to fit in the available space.

The logo for the Tenant Management Console and Namespace Browser appears on a white background, so text on a transparent background should use a dark color. The logo for the Search Console appears on a medium gray background, so text on a transparent background should use either a very light color or a very dark color. https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

99/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

To view and change the branding settings for an HCP system, you use the Branding Settings page in the HCP System Management Console. To display this page, in the top-level menu, select Configuration > Branding.

Note: To view branding settings, you need the monitor or administrator role. To change branding settings, you need the administrator role.

Changing the product name and abbreviation

To view branding settings, you need the monitor or administrator role. To change branding settings, you need the administrator role.

1. On the Branding Settings page, in the Product Settings section:

a. Optionally, in the Product Name field, type a new product name.

Product names must be at least one character long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters. White space is allowed. Product name length is limited by the width of the area in which the name is displayed on the login pages. This width is 440 pixels.

b. Optionally, in the Product Abbreviation field, type a new product name abbreviation.

Product name abbreviations must be from one to ten characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters. White space is allowed.

2. Click Update Settings.

Changing the company logo

You can change the company logo for the Tenant Management Console and Namespace Browser or for the HCP Search Console, on the Branding Settings page.

To view branding settings, you need the monitor or administrator role. To change branding settings, you need the administrator role.

1. In the Company Logo section, click the applicable Browse button. Use the button on the left side to select a new logo for the Tenant Management Console and Namespace Browser. Use the button on the right side to select a new logo for the HCP Search Console. Then select the image file the contains the logo that you want to use.

The logo appears in the sample display.

2. Click Apply Logo.

Resetting the branding

You can restore the Hitachi and Hitachi Content Platform branding, on the Branding Settings page.

To view branding settings, you need the monitor or administrator role. To change branding settings, you need the administrator role.