For example:

http://*.hcp.example.com,https://*.hcp.example.com

6. Click OK. 7. In the Preference Name list, double-click network.negotiate-auth.trusted-uris. 8. In the Enter string value window, type:

http://*.hcp-name.domain-name,https://*.hcp-name.domain-name

9. Click OK.

10. Close Firefox. SSL server certificate providers

An SSL server certificate provides security for:

HCP System Management Console HCP Tenant Management Console HCP management API Replication HTTP and WebDAV protocols HCP metadata query API HCP Search Console

HCP is installed with its own SSL server certificate. If you want, you can replace this with a different certificate.

SSL server certificates are available from several sources. The following table lists some vendors with products that are suitable for use with HCP. Vendor

Suitable SSL Products

Website

thawte, Inc.

http://www.thawte.com

SGC SuperCert

SSL Web Server Certificate

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

233/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Vendor

Suitable SSL Products

Website

SSL123 VeriSign, Inc.

http://www.verisign.com

Secure Site Pro Secure Site

Entrust, Inc.

http://www.entrust.com

Entrust Certificate

Management Service

IPS Certification Authority, S.L.

http://www.ipsca.com/en

Certificado Digital de Servidor SSL Tipo A1

Comodo Group

http://www.instantssl.com

PremiumSSL PremiumSSL Wildcard InstantSSL Pro InstantSSL GeoTrust, Inc.

http://www.geotrust.com

Enterprise SSL True BusinessID Power Server ID

Managing a Tenant and Its Namespaces

Introduction to Hitachi Content Platform

Hitachi Content Platform (HCP) is a distributed storage system designed to support large, growing repositories of fixed-content data.

HCP stores objects that include both data and metadata that describes that data. HCP represents these objects either as URLs or as files in a standard file system.

An HCP repository is partitioned into namespaces. Each namespace consists of a distinct logical grouping of objects with its own directory structure. Namespaces are owned and managed by tenants.

HCP provides access to objects through a variety of industry-standard protocols, as well as through various HCP-specific interfaces. About Hitachi Content Platform

Hitachi Content Platform is the distributed, fixed-content, data storage system from Hitachi Vantara. HCP provides a cost-effective, scalable, easy-to-use repository that can accommodate all types of data, from simple text files to medical images to multigigabyte database images.

A fixed-content storage system is one in which the data cannot be modified. HCP uses write-once, read-many (WORM) storage technology and a variety of policies and internal processes to ensure the integrity of the stored data and the efficient use of storage capacity. HCP also provides easy access to the repository for adding, retrieving, and deleting or shredding data. Object-based storage

HCP stores objects in a repository. Each object permanently associates data HCP receives (for example, a document, an image, or a movie) with information about that data, called metadata.

An object encapsulates:

Fixed-content data

An exact digital reproduction of data as it existed before it was stored in HCP. Once it’s in the repository, this fixed-content data cannot be modified. System metadata

System-managed properties that describe the fixed-content data (for example, its size and creation date). System metadata includes policies, such as retention and data protection level, that influence how transactions and internal processes affect the object.

Custom metadata