To view the namespace Compliance panel, you need the compliance role.

1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Namespaces. 2. In the list of namespaces, click the name of the namespace you want.

3. In the row of tabs below the namespace name, click Monitoring. 4. On the left side of the Monitoring panel, click Compliance Events. Working with unavailable objects

HCP keeps track of objects that are unavailable. You can view a list of these objects for any given namespace in the Tenant Management Console.

To view the Unavailable Objects panel, you need the monitor or administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Namespaces. 2. In the list of namespaces, click the name of the namespace you want. 3. In the row of tabs below the namespace name, click Monitoring. 4. On the left side of the Monitoring panel, click Unavailable Objects.

For each object it lists, the Unavailable Objects panel shows the date that the HCP system discovered the unavailable object, the name of the object, and the reason why it is unavailable.

If an object subsequently becomes available again, the object is removed from the list.

By default, the objects in the Unavailable Objects panel are listed ten at a time in reverse chronological order by discovery time: To view a different number of objects, select the number of objects you want in the Items per page field. The options are 10, 20, 50, and 100.

To page forward or backward, click the next (

) or back (

) control, respectively.

Working with irretrievable objects

HCP keeps track of objects that are irretrievable. You can view these objects for any given namespace in the Tenant Management Console.

Displaying irretrievable objects

The HCP system keeps track of the irretrievable objects it finds. You can view a list of these objects for any given namespace in the Tenant Management Console.

To view the Irretrievable Objects in the events panel, you need the monitor or administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Namespaces.

2. In the list of namespaces, click the name of the namespace you want. 3. In the row of tabs below the namespace name, click Monitoring. 4. On the left side of the Monitoring panel, click All Events. About irretrievable objects

The HCP system classifies an object as irretrievable when it encounters issues with accessing the object on primary storage and cannot access any other copies available in alternative storage locations.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

291/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

In the All Events panel, each irretrievable object displays its full path and the date and time at which HCP discovered that the object was irretrievable. If versioning has been enabled for the namespace, the list also displays the version ID of each object. An object listed as irretrievable is not replicated. If HCP subsequently repairs a listed object, the object is removed from the list. You can delete irretrievable objects from a namespace using standard delete operations, provided they are not under retention (or via privileged delete if the objects are under retention). When an object is deleted, HCP removes it from the irretrievable object list.

To view a different number of objects, select the number of objects you want in the Items per page field. The options are 10, 20, 50, and 100. ) control, respectively. To page forward or backward, click the next ( ) or back (

Working with irreparable objects

To view the Irreparable Objects panel, you need the monitor or administrator role. To acknowledge irreparable objects, you need the administrator role.

Displaying irreparable objects

The HCP system keeps track of the irreparable objects it finds. You can view a list of these objects for any given namespace in the Tenant Management Console.