If no group accounts have the security role, the last locally authenticated user account with the security role is not automatically disabled due to inactivity.

The number of minutes a Tenant Management Console, Search Console, or Namespace Browser session can be inactive before it times out. Valid values are integers in the range zero through 999. The default is ten minutes. A value of zero means sessions never time out due to inactivity. When a session times out, the Console or Browser displays the Idle Timeout page. If you then select a page to display:

If the user explicitly logged in, the Console or Browser login page appears In the case of single sign-on, the Console or Browser displays the selected page in the Tenant Management Console or Namespace Browser or the Simple Search page in the Search Console.

Tip: If the tenant supports AD authentication and has no HCP user accounts, the recommended session timeout interval is eight hours. Message text to appear on the login page of the Tenant Management Console and Search Console. This text is optional. If specified, it can be up to 1,024 characters long

and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space.

The text you specify appears at the bottom of the login pages. You can use this text, for example, for messages such as Authorized Users Only or Welcome to the Finance Department HCP Management Console. Change one or more login settings

1. On the Console Security page, in the Login Settings section

a. Make the changes you want. b. Click Update Settings. 2. In the Login Message section:

a. Type the message you want. b. Click Modify Login Message.

Managing the current tenant

When you log into the Tenant Management Console, you do so for a particular tenant. You can then view all the available information about that tenant, change certain of its properties, and monitor its activity. Tenant Overview page

When you log into the Tenant Management Console, the first page you see is the tenant Overview page. This page gives you a view of the tenant as a whole. It also shows the HCP system time.

To view the tenant Overview page, you need the monitor, administrator, security, or compliance role.

To return to the tenant Overview page from other Console pages, click Overview in the top-level menu. Tenant statistics

The tenant Overview page shows three categories of statistics:

Storage

This category shows:

Quota

The total number of bytes available to the tenant for allocation to its namespaces. This is the hard quota for the tenant. Used

The total number of bytes currently occupied by stored data in all the tenant's namespaces. This includes object data, metadata (except ACLs), and any redundant data required to satisfy the namespace DPLs. Used storage includes storage occupied by the parts of in-progress multipart uploads that have already been written to the tenant's namespaces. Used storage does

not include replaced parts of multipart uploads, parts uploaded for aborted multipart uploads, or unused parts of completed multipart uploads.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

260/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Note: Replaced parts, parts of aborted multipart uploads, and parts not included in completed multipart uploads are deleted automatically but not necessarily immediately.

Available

The number of bytes still available for storing data in the tenant's namespaces. Namespaces

This category shows:

Quota

The number of namespaces reserved for the tenant out of the total number of namespaces the system can have. This is also the maximum number of namespaces the tenant can own at any given time. If the tenant doesn’t have a quota, this field displays No Quota.

Used

The number of namespaces currently owned by the tenant. Available

The number of additional namespaces the tenant can own if the tenant has a quota. If the tenant has no quota, this is the number of unallocated namespaces out of the total number of namespaces the system can have, minus the number of existing namespaces owned by tenants with no quota.

Objects Ingested