Lists the default-namespace directories on the other system involved in the link that are not currently included on the link. This list does not include directories that are read- only on the other system due to replication.

1. (Optional) Filter the list from which you want to select one or more directories to add to the link. 2. In the applicable directory list, select the directories you want to add to the link. To select all the directories in the list, click Select All above the list.. To deselect all the selected directories, click Clear above the list.

3. Click Add Selected Directories below the applicable list.

Removing default-namespace directories in an active/active link

The link content Default Tenant panel for an active/active link has these sections: Directories Replicating

Lists the HCP default-namespace directories already included on the link.

Local Directories

Lists the default-namespace directories on the local system that are not currently included on the link. This list does not include directories that are read-only on the local system due to replication. Remote Directories

Lists the default-namespace directories on the other system involved in the link that are not currently included on the link. This list does not include directories that are read- only on the other system due to replication.

1. (Optional) In the Directories Replicating section, filter the list of directories that are currently on the link. 2. In the list of replicating directories, select the directories you want to remove from the link. To select all the directories in the list, click Select All above the list. To deselect all the selected directories, click Clear above the list.

3. Click Remove Selected Directories below the list.

Specifying link content for an active/passive link

Adding HCP tenants in an active/passive link

The link content Tenants panel for an active/passive link has these sections: Tenants Replicating

Lists the HCP tenants already included on the link.

Local Tenants

For outbound links only, lists the HCP tenants on the local system that are eligible for replication but not currently included on the link. This list does not include tenants that are either:

Read-only on the local system due to replication Included on a link that is chained into the current link

This section is not present for inbound links. Remote Tenants

For inbound links only, lists the HCP tenants on the other system involved in the link that are eligible for replication but not currently included on the link. This list does not include tenants that are either:

Read-only on the other system due to replication Included on a link that is chained into the current link

This section is not present for outbound links.

If a tenant has granted system-level users administrative access to itself, the row for the tenant shows the number of the tenant's namespaces that are selected for replication.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

345/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

1. (Optional) Filter the list of tenants in the Local Tenants or section, as applicable.

2. In the applicable list, select the tenants you want to add to the link. To select all the tenants in the list, click Select All above the list. To deselect all the selected tenants, click Clear above the list.

3. Click Update Link.

If you’re removing tenants from the link, a confirming message appears.

4. In the window with the confirming message, select I understand to confirm that you understand the consequences of your action. Then click Update Link.

Removing HCP tenants in an active/passive link

The link content Tenants panel for an active/passive link has these sections: Tenants Replicating

Lists the HCP tenants already included on the link.

Local Tenants

For outbound links only, lists the HCP tenants on the local system that are eligible for replication but not currently included on the link. This list does not include tenants that are either:

Read-only on the local system due to replication Included on a link that is chained into the current link

This section is not present for inbound links. Remote Tenants