Tip: You can use the HCP management API to generate chargeback reports that cover time periods that are longer than one month and are in XML, JSON, or CSV format. You can use this feature to create applications that generate chargeback reports at regular intervals and feed those reports to a billing system.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

182/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Generating a chargeback report

To generate a chargeback report, you need the monitor or administrator role. 1. In the top-level menu of the System Management Console, select Monitoring > Chargeback. 2. On the Chargeback page select the reporting interval for the type of storage usage report that you want to generate, and specify the start and end dates for the report period, in the Reporting Interval field, select Hour, Day, or Total to generate an hourly, daily, or total storage usage report, respectively.

3. Use the Start Date field to specify the start date of the report period.

Enter the start date in the text field in mm/dd/yyyy format. Click the calendar icon to display a monthly calendar. Then use the arrows at the top of the calendar to navigate to the month containing the start date that you want to define for the report period, and click that date to select it.

4. Use the End Date field to specify the end date of the report period. Enter the end date in the text field in mm/dd/yyyy format. Click the calendar icon to display a monthly calendar. Then use the arrows at the top of the calendar to navigate to the month containing the end date that you want to define for the report period, and click that date to select it.

5. To generate and download a complete, detailed chargeback report, click Download Report.

By default, the name of the downloaded report file is Hourly-Chargeback-Report.csv, Daily-Chargeback-Report.csv, or Monthly-Chargeback-Report.csv, as applicable. Chargeback statistics collection

Chargeback statistics either reflect a specific point in time or are dynamic. Point-in-time statistics are measurements taken at the end of a reporting interval, such as the used storage capacity for a namespace at the end of an hour. Dynamic statistics are measurements, such as the number of reads or writes to a namespace, that are accumulated over time.

HCP accumulates dynamic statistics on an hourly basis, starting at the beginning of each hour. So, for example, one statistic might represent the number of successful writes to a

namespace that occurred between 11:00:00 and 11:59:59. Another might represent the number of successful writes to the same namespace that occurred between 12:00:00 and 12:59:59. Chargeback report content

The first line of a chargeback report contains identifiers for the values in the subsequent lines. The following table describes each of these values and indicates whether it is point in time (P) or dynamic (D).

Identifier

Type Value

bytesIn

D

The total number of bytes successfully written to the given namespace, to any of the namespaces owned by the given tenant, or to any of the HCP namespaces in the HCP system during the reporting interval.

The total number of bytes written includes all parts uploaded for multipart uploads regardless of whether the upload of the part has finished, the part

was subsequently replaced, the multipart upload was aborted, or the part was not used in the completed multipart upload.

If data was compressed before being transmitted, this is the number of bytes before compression. bytesOut

D

The total number of bytes read from the given namespace, from any of the namespaces owned by the given tenant, or from any of the HCP namespaces in the HCP system during the reporting interval.

If data (including XML for directory listings) was compressed before being transmitted, this is the number of bytes before compression.

deleted N/A

One of:

true

The namespace or tenant was deleted after the statistics in the set were collected.

false

The namespace or tenant currently exists.

included

For a tenant or the HCP system, the statistics in the set include values for one or more namespaces that were subsequently deleted.

deletes D