Total storage capacity

The hard quota for the namespace.

Used storage capacity

The total amount of storage space currently occupied by all data stored in the namespace, including object data, metadata (except ACLs), and any redundant data required to satisfy the namespace service plan. Used storage includes storage occupied by the parts of in-progress multipart uploads that have already been written to the namespace. Used storage does not include replaced parts of multipart uploads, parts uploaded for aborted multipart uploads, or unused parts of completed multipart uploads. Note: Replaced parts, parts of aborted multipart uploads, and parts not included in completed multipart uploads are deleted automatically but not necessarily immediately.

Ingested volume

The total size of the stored data and custom metadata before it was added to the namespace. This value tells you how much data you have stored.

The graph legend shows the current value for each item. Below the Usage section, the Overview panel shows the date and time the Objects and Usage sections were last updated. To show the most current information in these sections, click Refresh Now.

Major namespace events

The Major Events section in the namespace Overview panel lists log messages about major events related to the namespace (for example, the amount of storage used by the

namespace exceeds the namespace soft quota). The list includes all such messages that have occurred since the namespace was created.

The list of messages in the Major Events section is a subset of the messages in the event log for the namespace. You can view all the messages in the namespace event log in the All Events panel for the namespace.

By default, the messages in the Major Events section are listed ten at a time in reverse chronological order.

If the Overview panel shows alerts instead of log messages, click the Major Events tab to display the log messages.

Namespace alerts

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

273/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The Alerts section in the namespace Overview panel shows alerts that indicate namespace-related conditions that may require human intervention (for example, the namespace is running low on unused space). This section is visible only if alerts currently exist for the namespace.

Each alert is represented by an icon accompanied by descriptive text.

If the Overview panel shows log messages instead of alerts, click the Alerts tab to display the alerts. Namespace features

The Overview panel for a namespace shows which of these features are currently enabled for the namespace:

Replication

If this feature is present, the namespace is included in replication of its owning tenant. If this feature is not present, the namespace is not included in replication of its owning tenant. Search

If this feature is present, search is currently enabled for the namespace. The namespace is searchable if its effective permission mask includes search. If this feature is not present, the namespace is not searchable.

Versioning

If this feature is present, users and applications can create multiple versions of objects in the namespace. If this feature is not present, the namespace does not support versioning. Additionally, the Overview panel shows:

The service plan in effect for the namespace.

This feature is present only if the tenant is allowed to associate service plans with namespaces.

The retention mode of the namespace depending on the retention type of the namespace.

HCP Retention Mode: Compliance or enterprise. S3 Object Lock: Disabled, governance, or compliance.

The cryptographic hash algorithm for the namespace. The DPL for the namespace. Namespace permission mask

The Permissions section in the namespace Overview panel shows:

The permissions included in the inherited mask, which is the effective tenant permission mask.

These permissions are indicated by gray dots.

The permissions included in the namespace permission mask.

These permissions are indicated by orange dots.

The permissions included in effective permission mask for the namespace.

These permissions are indicated by checkmarks. Namespace description

The Description section in the namespace Overview panel shows the description of the namespace, if a description exists.

Creating a namespace

You create namespaces in the Tenant Management Console. When you create a namespace, you set some of its properties. Other namespace properties have default settings that

you can change only after the namespace has been created.

You can change most of the properties for existing namespaces. Note: