x-amz-acl

Adds a canned ACL to the bucket. This header is used only to add a canned ACL to a bucket. If you’re using individual x-amz-grant- headers to add the ACL, the x-amz-acl header is invalid.

x-amz-grant-full-control

Grants full control over the bucket to one or more specified grantees. If you’re using a canned ACL to add an ACL to a bucket, the x-amz-grant-full-control header is invalid. x-amz-grant-read

Grants the browse and read data access permissions for the bucket to one or more specified grantees. If you’re using a canned ACL to add an ACL to a bucket, the x-amz-grant-read header is invalid.

x-amz-grant-read-acp

Grants the read ACL data access permission for the bucket to one or more specified grantees. If you’re using a canned ACL to add an ACL to a bucket, the x-amz-grant-read-acp header is invalid. x-amz-grant-write

Grants the write and delete data access permissions for the bucket to one or more specified grantees. If you’re using a canned ACL to add an ACL to a bucket, the x-amz-grant-write header is invalid.

x-amz-grant-write-acp

Grants the write ACL data access permission for the bucket to one or more specified grantees. If you’re using a canned ACL to add an ACL to a bucket, the x-amz-grant-write-acp header is invalid. x-amz-meta-

Adds custom metadata to the resulting object when the multipart upload is completed.

x-amz-object-lock-mode

Specify the Object Lock mode status for an object. The value can be either GOVERNANCE or COMPLIANCE.

GOVERNANCE

Use for objects that are subject to retention policies that are governed by a regulatory body.

COMPLIANCE

Use for objects that are subject to strict regulatory requirements.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

639/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Example

x-amz-object-lock-mode: GOVERNANCE x-amz-object-lock-retain-until-date

Specify the date and time until which an object must be retained. The date and time must be in YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ format, where YYYY represents the year, MM represents the month, DD represents the day, T represents the time separator, HH represents the hour in 24-hour format, MM represents the minute, SS represents the second and Z represents the time zone. Example x-amz-object-lock-retain-until-date: 2023-03-30T00:00:00Z

x-amz-object-lock-legal-hold

Specify the Legal hold status of an object version. Valid values are ON and OFF.

ON

You cannot overwrite or delete the object version until you remove the legal hold status.

OFF

You can overwrite or delete the object version. Example

x-amz-object-lock-legal-hold: ON

x-hcp-pretty-print

Optionally, requests that the XML response body be formatted for readability. Valid values are:

true

Format the XML response body for readability.

false

Do not apply any special formatting to the XML response body.

The default is false. The values true and false are not case sensitive. Response headers

The list below describes the headers returned in response to a successful request to initiate a multipart upload.

Content-Type

Specifies the Internet media type of the response body. For a request to initiate a multipart upload, the value of this header is always application/xml;charset=UTF-8. Date

The date and time when HCP responded to the request, in Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). The date and time are returned in this format: