Managing the node list

By default, the nodes in the node list are listed 20 at a time in ascending order by node number. You can page through and sort the node list. The Networks > Node View page indicates which nodes are shown out of the total number of nodes in the current list. Paging

You can change the number of nodes displayed on each page of the node list shown on the Networks > Node View page. To do this, in the Items per page field, select the number of

nodes that you want to display on each page of the node list. The options are 10, 20, and 50.

To page forward or backward through the node list, click the next ( ) or back (

) control, respectively.

To view the Networks > Node View page, you need the administrator, service, or monitor role. To change the IP address assignments for user-defined networks, you need the

administrator role. You cannot modify IP addresses for the [hcp_system] or [hcp_backend] networks on the Networks > Node View page

1. In the Page field, type the page number that corresponds to the node list page that you want to view.

2. Press Enter.

Sorting the node list

You can sort the node list in ascending or descending order by node number. To change the sort order, click the Node ID column heading. Each time you click the column heading, the sort order switches between ascending and descending.

Filtering the list by node number

You can use the fields and controls that appear above the node list to filter the items in the list by node number or by node status.

When filtered by node number, the list displays only the node with the specified node number. To view the Networks > Node View page, you need the administrator, service, or monitor role. To change the IP address assignments for user-defined networks, you need the

administrator role. You cannot modify IP addresses for the [hcp_system] or [hcp_backend] networks on the Networks > Node View page

1. Select Node ID from the drop-down list above the node list.

2. In the text field, type the node number for the node you want to display in the node list.

3. Click the find control ( ).

Filtering the list by node status

When filtered by node status, the list includes only those nodes that have the specified node status (ok or unavailable).

To view the Networks > Node View page, you need the administrator, service, or monitor role. To change the IP address assignments for user-defined networks, you need the administrator role. You cannot modify IP addresses for the [hcp_system] or [hcp_backend] networks on the Networks > Node View page 1. Select Status from the drop-down list above the node list. 2. In the text field, type the text string that corresponds to the node status that you want to use as a filter:

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

80/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

a. Type ok to filter the list to show the nodes that have a status of ok. b. Type unavailable to filter the list to show the nodes that have a status of unavailable.

3. Click the find control (

). About the All Zone Definitions pages

The Networks > All Zone Definitions page lists the zone definitions of all network domains used for each network defined on the system. If you have a network alias, the zone

definition displayed is the DNS zone definition that HCP uses for the network that the alias points to. About the Advanced Setting panel

The Networks > Advanced Settings page is used for enabling network creation, configuring network versions for your nodes, and enabling the management network if the system is

configured for the management network.

Enabling IPv4 and IPv6 addresses

IPv4 addresses are automatically permitted on all nodes in your networks.

You can permit IPv6 addresses on all nodes in your networks. On the Networks > Advanced Settings page, select Enable IPv6.

Disabling IPv6 addresses

IPv4 addresses are automatically permitted on all nodes in your networks.

You can enable or disable IPv6 addresses on all nodes in your networks.

On the Networks > Advanced Settings page, clear the Enable IPv6 checkbox.

Enabling and configuring the management network