Optional and typically not used for RFC6265

Required for RFC2109

WebDAV

This section of the Help contains information on using the WebDAV namespace access protocol.

Using WebDAV

WebDAV is one of the industry-standard protocols HCP supports for namespace access. To access a namespace through WebDAV, you can write applications that use any standard

WebDAV client library, or you can use a command-line tool, such as cadaver, which supports WebDAV.

Using the WebDAV protocol, you can store, view, retrieve, and delete objects. You can also add and delete custom metadata, as well as change certain system metadata for existing objects.

Note: Using WebDAV, you can store and retrieve the default annotation only. It cannot access other annotations.

HCP is compliant with WebDAV level 2, as specified by RFCs 2518 and 4918.

To access a namespace through WebDAV, this protocol must be enabled in the namespace configuration. If you cannot use the WebDAV protocol to access the namespace, contact your tenant administrator.

The WebDAV examples use cadaver open-source software, which you can download from https://pkgs.org/download/cadaver.

An object is equivalent to a WebDAV resource. A directory is equivalent to a WebDAV collection.

WebDAV methods

HCP supports most standard WebDAV methods, as indicated in the list below. PUT

Use this method to:

Store an object in the namespace Add or replace custom metadata in the default annotation for an existing object

When you store an object in the namespace, HCP uses the ETag response header to return the cryptographic hash value for the object.

GET

Use this method to retrieve an object or metafile from the namespace. HEAD

Use this method to check whether an object, default annotation, an ACL, or a directory exists in the namespace.

MKCOL

Use this method to create a new directory in the namespace.

PROPPATCH

Use this method to:

Change system metadata associated with an object.

If the request to change system metadata specifies a symbolic link, HCP changes the metadata on the object that’s the target of the link and not on the link itself.

Store dead properties as custom metadata in the default annotation (when this capability is enabled in the namespace configuration). PROPFIND

Use this method to retrieve metadata associated with an object, including both system metadata and dead properties stored as custom metadata. You can use PROPFIND to

retrieve dead properties only when the namespace is configured to store dead properties as custom metadata.

COPY

Use this method to copy an object from one location to another. When using this method, you need to specify the full URL for the target location.

A request to copy an object fails if an object with the same name already exists at the target location. MOVE

Use this method to move an object from one location to another.

When using this method, you need to specify the full URL for the target location. A request to move an object fails if:

An object with the same name already exists at the target location. The source object is under retention.

DELETE

Use this method to delete an object, directory, symbolic link, or default annotation from the namespace. LOCK

Use this method to lock an object on a single node.

UNLOCK

Use this method to unlock an object on a single node.

OPTIONS

Use this method to see which WebDAV methods are supported for the specified object, directory, or symbolic link.

Unsupported methods

POST TRACE

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

789/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

URLs for WebDAV access to a namespace

Depending on the method you’re using and what you want to do, the URL you specify can identify any of: The namespace as a whole A directory

An object A symbolic link

A metadirectory A metafile for an object

Note: To access a namespace through WebDAV directly from a Windows client, add the namespace as a network share, using any of the URL formats described in URL formats.