The Alerts section on the tenant Overview page shows alerts that indicate tenant-related conditions that may require human intervention (for example, the tenant is running low on unused space). This section is visible only if alerts currently exist for the tenant.

Each alert is represented by an icon accompanied by descriptive text.

If the Overview page shows log messages instead of alerts, click the Alerts tab to display the alerts.

Note: If the tenant is read-only due to being a replication target or due to metadata unavailability, a notice of the situation appears at the top of every Tenant Management Console page. In this case, you cannot make any configuration changes to the tenant or to the namespaces it owns, nor can users and applications make any changes to namespace content. Additionally, in the case of metadata unavailability, statistics that describe namespace content may be inaccurate. Tenant features

The Features section on the tenant Overview page shows which of these features the tenant has:

Replication

If this feature is present, the tenant is eligible for replication. Additionally, when you create a namespace, you have the option of selecting it to be replicated with the tenant. You can also select and deselect existing namespaces for replication. If this feature is not present, the tenant cannot be replicated, and you cannot select or deselect namespaces to be replicated with it. Retention Mode Selection

If this feature is present, you can set the retention mode to either enterprise or compliance when you create a namespace. You can also change the retention mode of an existing namespace from enterprise to compliance, but you cannot do the reverse. If this feature is not present, you can create namespaces only in enterprise mode and cannot change the retention mode of an existing namespace. Search

If this feature is present, you can create namespaces that support search. You can also enable and disable search for existing namespaces.

If this feature is not present, you cannot enable search for namespaces.

Service Plan Selection

If this feature is present, you can associate service plans with namespaces. If this feature is not present, you cannot associate service plans with namespaces. Versioning

If this feature is present, you can create namespaces with versioning enabled. You can also enable and disable versioning for existing namespaces. If this feature is not present, you cannot enable versioning for namespaces. Tenant contact information

You can view contact information for the current tenant from the tenant Overview page. To view this information, click Contact Information.

To view the contact information for a tenant, you need the administrator role.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

261/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The contact information for a tenant is visible not only in the Tenant Management Console but also in the system-level administrative interface to the HCP system. HCP system administrators can use this information to notify you about systemwide events (such as a system shutdown for maintenance). Therefore, you should keep this information up to date. Tenant permission mask

The Permissions section on the tenant Overview page shows:

The permissions included in the inherited permission mask, which is the systemwide permission mask. These permissions are indicated by gray dots. The permissions included in the tenant permission mask. These permissions are indicated by orange dots. The permissions included in the effective permission mask for the tenant. These permissions are indicated by checkmarks. Tenant description

The Description section on the tenant Overview page shows the description of the tenant, if a description exists. This description is visible only in the Tenant Management Console. It is not visible to HCP system-level administrators who don’t have administrative access to the tenant.

The tenant description appears below the tenant name on the login page for the Tenant Management Console.

Configuring the tenant

Changing the tenant contact information

When creating a tenant, the HCP system administrator has the option of entering contact information for it. Once the tenant exists, both system-level administrators and tenant-level administrators can modify this information.

To view or modify the tenant contact information, you need the administrator role.

1. In the top-level menu of the Tenant Management Console, click Overview.

2. On the tenant Overview page, click Contact Information. 3. In the Contact Information window, fill in the contact information. The list below describes the values you can specify. Except as indicated, all fields are optional.

First Name