The Replication Verification service is not running and is not set to run. Issues Found

Either None or the current total number of nonreplicating objects and object parts in all the namespaces owned by the tenants on the link. If nonreplicating objects or object parts exist, View appears next to Issues Found. To see a list of the tenants with namespaces that contain nonreplicating objects or object parts, click View. The list shows the total number of nonreplicating objects parts for each tenant. If you have administrative access to a listed tenant, you can click the tenant name in the list to open the Tenant Management Console for that tenant. In the Tenant

Management Console, you can see which namespaces have nonreplicating objects and object parts. For each of those namespaces, you can view a list of the nonreplicating objects and object parts in the namespace.

The link status Overview panel also contains:

A graph showing the history of the rate of data transmissions on the link A graph showing the history of the rate of operations on the link For active/active links and outbound active/passive links, one or two pie charts showing the amount of used and free storage space on the remote system

The statistics for replication links are updated every ten minutes. To see updated statistics, redisplay the Links page. Data transmission rate

The Transfer Rate graph in the link status Overview panel for a replication link shows the history of the rate of data transmissions on the link per second. For an active/active link, this is the rate of data transmission from the local system to the remote system. For an active/passive link, this is the rate of data transmission during replication or recovery, whichever is happening at the time. In any case, the data transmission rate is cumulative for all the HCP tenants and default-tenant directories on the link.

If the Transfer Rate graph is not currently visible, click Transfer Rate to display it.

The x‑axis in the Transfer Rate graph marks the passage of time. The axis shows 30 days (or fewer if the replication link was created less than 30 days ago). The y-axis marks the data transmission rate in KB, MB, or GB. As the transmission rate varies, the measurement unit for the y-axis grows or shrinks as needed (for example, from KB to MB to GB). The graph heading displays the current data transmission rate. Factors that affect this rate include the amount of other traffic on the network, the current load on both systems

involved in the link, and whether data is being compressed or encrypted. Also, larger objects and object parts have higher rates of throughput. Operation rate

The Operations per Second graph in the link status Overview panel for a replication link shows the history of the rate of operations on the link per second. An operation is the replication of any of these:

An object, object part, directory, symbolic link, metadata change, or object deletion An HCP tenant or HCP namespace or the modification or deletion of an HCP tenant or HCP namespace For HCP tenants only, the creation, modification, or deletion of a user account The creation, modification, or deletion of a retention class The creation, modification, or deletion of a content class A tenant log message For an active/active link, the Operations per Second graph shows the operation rate for replication from the local system to the remote system. For an active/passive link, the graph shows the operation rate during replication or recovery, whichever is happening at the time. In any case, the operation rate is cumulative for all the tenants being replicated or recovered on the link.

If the Operations per Second graph is not currently visible, click Operations per Second to display it.

The x‑axis in the Operations per Second graph marks the passage of time. The axis shows 30 days (or fewer if the replication link was created less than 30 days ago). The y-axis marks the operation rate in tens, hundreds, or thousands. As the operation rate varies, the measurement unit on the y-axis grows or shrinks as needed (for example, from tens to

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

361/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM Content Platform System Management Help

hundreds to thousands).

The graph heading displays the current rate of replication operations. Factors that affect the operation rate are the same as those that affect the data transmission rate.

Remote storage space