https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

305/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

Valid values are integers in the range zero through 9,999. To make the retention class value a special value, in the Retention Method field, select Special Value. In the Special Value field, select the special value you want. To make the retention class a fixed date, in the Retention Method field, select Fixed Date. In the Fixed Date field, type the date you want. The date format is mm/dd/yyyy.

4. (Optional) In the Description field, type a description of the retention class.

The description can be up to 1,024 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space. 5. (Optional) Select Allow Disposition service to delete objects when expired to have HCP automatically delete expired objects in the retention class.

This option is present only when the retention method is offset.

6. Click Create Retention Class.

Modifying a retention class

You can increase the value of a retention class at any time. These changes increase the value: From an offset to a larger offset

From Deletion Allowed to an offset or Deletion Prohibited

If the namespace is in enterprise mode, you can decrease the value of a retention class at any time. These changes decrease the value:

From an offset to a smaller offset From an offset to Deletion Allowed From Deletion Prohibited to an offset or Deletion Allowed

If the value of a retention class is Initial Unspecified, you can change it to any other value at any time. You can change the value to Initial Unspecified only from Deletion Allowed.

You can enable or disable the autodeletion feature at any time. You can also change the class description at any time.

1. In the Retention Classes panel, in the list of retention classes, click the edit control ( 2. In the Edit Retention Class window, make the changes you want. 3. Click Update Settings.

) for the retention class you want to modify.

Deleting a retention class You can delete a retention class only if the namespace in which the class is defined is in enterprise mode. You cannot delete a retention class in a namespace that’s in compliance mode.

When you delete a retention class, the retention setting of each object in the class changes to Deletion Prohibited.

1. In the Retention Classes panel, in the list of retention classes, click the delete control ( 2. In response to the confirming message, click Delete Retention Class.

) for the retention class you want to delete.

Using privileged delete

Namespaces configured to use HCP retention enterprise mode support privileged delete operations. However, S3 Object Lock doesn’t support privileged delete. Users and applications with the applicable data access permissions can perform privileged delete operations through the HTTP namespace access protocol, and the HCP Search Console. If you have the compliance role through your HCP user account or group accounts, you can perform these operations through the Tenant Management Console. About privileged delete

Privileged delete is an HCP feature that enables you to delete objects even if they are under retention. This feature is available only for namespaces in enterprise mode. If a namespace is in compliance mode, you cannot delete objects that are under retention.

Privileged delete supports government regulations that require the destruction of certain types of data in response to changing circumstances. For example, companies may be required to destroy particular information about employees who leave. If that data is under retention, it cannot be deleted through normal delete operations.

If the namespace supports versioning, you can turn a privileged delete operation into a privileged purge operation. This deletes all versions of the target object.

When using privileged delete, you need to specify a reason for the deletion. The tenant log records all privileged delete operations, including the specified reasons, thereby creating an audit trail. Using privileged delete, you can also delete objects that are not under retention. You would do this, for example, if you wanted to record the reason for an object deletion.

You cannot use privileged delete to delete objects that are on hold, regardless of their retention settings.

To perform a privileged delete operation through the Tenant Management Console, you need the compliance role. Object specification