This option applies only when SNMP is enabled.

c. To indicate the version of SNMP you want to use, select either Use version 1 or 2c or Use version 3.

SNMP version 1 does not support fields with the Counter64 data type. In the HCP MIB, several fields have that data type. When you use SNMP version 1 to retrieve

system information, it will not return values for those fields. d. To secure access to HCP through SNMP, for SNMP version 1 or 2c, type the name of a community in the Community field.

Community names can contain can be from 1 through 63 characters long and are case-sensitive.

e. To secure access to HCP through SNMP for SNMP version 3, in the New Password field, type a password to go with the system-supplied name in the Username field.

Passwords must be at least eight characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space; however, the recommended usage is to limit the password to only ASCII characters. Passwords are-case sensitive.

If you’re modifying the SNMP settings and you leave the New Password field empty, the previously set password remains in effect.

In the Confirm Password field, type the password again.

In the Community field, type a community access string. Community access strings can contain only alphanumeric characters and hyphens (-) and can be from 1 through 63 characters long. These strings are case-sensitive. f. To include log messages about compliance events with the messages sent to the specified SNMP managers, select Send compliance events. g. To include log messages about security events with the messages sent to the specified SNMP managers, select Send security events. h. In the Send log messages at this level or higher field, select the severity level of log messages to be sent to the specified SNMP managers: OFF

tells HCP not to send any log messages.

NOTICE

sends messages with a severity level of Notice, Warning, or Error.

WARNING

sends messages with a severity level of Warning or Error. ERROR

sends only messages with a severity level of Error.

2. Click Update Settings.

Tip: Before you submit your changes, you can test the connections to the specified SNMP managers

Specifying IP addresses to be allowed access to HCP through SNMP

Optionally, you can specify IP addresses to be allowed access to HCP through SNMP.

To view the SNMP page, you need the monitor, administrator, security, or compliance role. To configure SNMP for HCP and test connections to SNMP managers, you need the administrator or security role.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

169/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

1. On the SNMP page, click the Allow tab. 2. To add an entry to an Allow or Deny list, in the field above the list, type the entry you want and click Add.

3. To remove a single entry from an Allow or Deny list, click the delete control ( 4. To remove all entries, click Delete All. ) for that entry.

Changes you make to either list of IP addresses take effect immediately.

Specifying IP addresses to be denied access to HCP through SNMP

Optionally, you can specify IP addresses to be denied access to HCP through SNMP.

To view the SNMP page, you need the monitor, administrator, security, or compliance role. To configure SNMP for HCP and test connections to SNMP managers, you need the administrator or security role.

1. On the SNMP page, click the Deny tab. 2. To add an entry to an Allow or Deny list, in the field above the list, type the entry you want and click Add.

3. To remove a single entry from an Allow or Deny list, click the delete control ( 4. To remove all entries, click Delete All. ) for that entry.

Changes you make to either list of IP addresses take effect immediately.

Specifying how HCP should handle IP addresses that appear in both or neither of the Allow and Deny lists