One or more trusted replication server certificates have expired. Replication with the systems from which the applicable certificates were obtained has stopped. When the other system in any of the applicable replication pairs installs a new SSL server certificate, download that certificate and upload it to this system as a trusted replication server certificate. For ease of maintenance, delete expired certificates from the list of trusted replication server certificates. Front-end connection error

All front-end connections to one or more nodes in the local system are unavailable. If the system is currently a source for replication, some objects and object parts will not be replicated. If the system is a replication target, replication performance is degraded.

Nonreplicating objects

One or more nonreplicating objects or object parts have been detected. These objects and object parts cannot be replicated until they are repaired. If the objects and object parts cannot be repaired, they are never replicated. If the system has nonreplicating objects or object parts that are irreparable, contact your authorized service provider for help.

Partial network assigned to replication The network selected for replication is a partial network. The load from replication activity is not being fully distributed across the nodes in the system. Check the replication Settings page to see which network is selected for replication. Then either assign IP addresses in those networks to all nodes, or select a different network for replication. Remote storage almost full

Primary running storage space on the remote system for a replication link is at least 90% used. Consider adding more primary running storage capacity to the remote system or changing storage tiering strategies on that system to create more space in the existing primary running storage. For an active/active link, this alert appears only in the System Management Console for the local system. For an active/passive link, this alert appears only in the System Management Console for the primary system.

Remote storage full (link suspended) Primary running storage space on the remote system for a replication link is 94% used. The remote system cannot act on any more replication data transmissions from the local system. HCP has automatically suspended activity on the link. Either add more primary running storage capacity to the remote system, or change storage tiering strategies on that system to create more space in the existing primary running storage. Then resume activity on the link. For an active/active link, this alert appears only in the System Management Console for the local system. For an active/passive link, this alert appears only in the System Management Console for the primary system.

Replication certificates expire soon One or more trusted replication server certificates will expire within 90 days. If a certificate expires, replication with the system from which the certificate was obtained will fail. To ensure that replication is not disrupted, when the other system in the replication pair installs a new SSL server certificate, download that certificate and upload it to this system as a trusted replication server certificate.

Replication certificates expire soon

One or more trusted replication server certificates will expire within 30 days. If a certificate expires, replication with the system from which the certificate was obtained will fail. To ensure that replication is not disrupted, when the other system in the replication pair installs a new SSL server certificate, download that certificate and upload it to this system as a trusted replication server certificate. Replication link failure

An active/active or outbound active/passive replication link is not working as expected. Check the network connection between the two systems involved in the link. If the connection appears to be working properly, contact your authorized HCP service provider for help.

Replication link has autopaused tenants

HCP has automatically paused replication of one or more HCP tenants. For each tenant, correct the situation that caused replication to be paused. Then resume replication of the tenant.

Replication link pending

Either the system has sent a request for a replication link to another system and is waiting for a response, or the system has received a request for a replication link and has not yet responded.

Replication link stalled

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

364/907

6/25/24, 11:34 AM

Content Platform System Management Help Replication has unexpectedly stopped on a replication link. Check the network connection between the two systems involved in the link. If the connection appears to be

working properly, contact your authorized HCP service provider for help.

Replication links shut down

All replication links in which this system is involved are shut down. No replication or recovery activity is occurring on these links, and the links cannot be used for read-from- remote or object-repair purposes.

Time out of sync between replicating systems