Account disabled due to too many failed logins

A user account was automatically disabled due to too many failed login attempts.

Reenable the user account and have the user log in with a valid username and password.

2315

Account will be

A security user account will be reenabled

No action is required.

reenabled automatically after a waiting period.

2316

All accounts reset

A user reset user accounts to their initial configuration. All accounts have been deleted and the initial accounts have been recreated.

No action is required.

2317

User authenticated

A user login to the Search Console was successfully authenticated.

No action is required.

2319 Active Directory server

A user tried to log in with an invalid Active

Have the user log in with a valid username and

error

Directory username or password.

password.

2330

RADIUS server created A user configured a new RADIUS server.

No action is required.

2331

RADIUS server updated A user updated the configuration of a RADIUS

No action is required. server.

2332

RADIUS server deleted A user deleted a RADIUS server.

No action is required.

2333

RADIUS server promoted

A user moved a RADIUS server up in the list.

No action is required.

2334

RADIUS server demoted

A user moved a RADIUS server down in the list.

No action is required.

2335

All RADIUS servers deleted

A user deleted all RADIUS servers. The list of RADIUS servers is now empty.

No action is required.

2340 An exception occurred while removing Service Principal Name from Active Directory

HCP failed to remove a Service Principal Name from Active Directory.

Verify that the Service Principal Name was removed from Active Directory.

2341

An exception occurred while removing Service Principal Name from Active Directory HCP failed to remove a Service Principal Name from Active Directory.

Verify that the Service Principal Name was removed from Active Directory.

2342

Successfully added Service Principal Name to Active Directory

HCP successfully added a Service Principal Name to Active Directory.

No action is required.

2344

Failed to add Service

HCP failed to add a Service Principal Name to

Verify that the Service Principal Name was added Principal Name to Active Directory

Active Directory.

to Active Directory.

2346

An exception occurred while adding Service

HCP failed to add a Service Principal Name to Active Directory.

Verify that the Service Principal Name was added to Active Directory.

Principal Name to Active Directory

2350

Group account created

A user created a group account.

No action is required.

2352

Group account updated A user updated a group account.

No action is required.

2354

Group account deleted

A user deleted a group account.

No action is required.

2356 Active Directory SSL certificate downloaded

A user downloaded an SSL server certificate for Active Directory.

No action is required.

2357

Incompatible namespace setting for authenticated CIFS

One or more namespaces are configured for CIFS authenticated access only, but the system is not configured to support authenticated CIFS. As a result, CIFS cannot be used for access to

Either enable authenticated CIFS support for the system or have the tenant administrators reconfigure the affected namespaces to support both anonymous and authenticated access with those namespaces.

CIFS.

2358

Incompatible namespace setting for authenticated CIFS

A namespace is configured for CIFS authenticated access only, but the system is not configured to support authenticated CIFS. As a result, CIFS cannot be used for access to that

Reconfigure the affected namespace to support both anonymous and authenticated access with CIFS. namespace.

2359

Active Directory authentication enabled

A user enabled Active Directory authentication for the HCP system.

No action is required.

2360

Active Directory authentication disabled

A user disabled Active Directory authentication for the HCP system.

No action is required.

2361

Active Directory cache cleared

A user cleared the Active Directory cache.

No action is required.

2362

Active Directory partially configured