3. Click Update Settings in the Roles section.

Deleting a group account

You can delete a group account at any time. Deleting a group account has no effect on the corresponding group in AD.

When you delete a group account, AD users in the corresponding AD group immediately lose the roles and data access permissions granted by that group account.

If no existing HCP user account has the security role, you cannot delete the last group account with the security role.

When a group is deleted in AD, the corresponding HCP group account is not automatically deleted. However, the name of the group account changes to the SID of the deleted AD group. HCP group accounts that correspond to deleted AD groups serve no purpose and should be deleted. Note: The Tenant Management Console may not immediately reflect the change to the HCP group account name.

1. In the list of group accounts on the Groups page in the Tenant Management Console, click the delete control ( 2. In response to the confirming message, click Delete.

) for the group account you want to delete.

Changing the allow namespace management property for a user or group account

As a user with the administrator role, you can change the allow namespace management property for a user or group account. However, if the account has the administrator role, you cannot remove the allow namespace management property from the account.

1. In the list of user or group accounts on the Users or Groups page, as applicable, select the user account or group account you want. 2. Select or deselect Allow namespace management, as applicable. 3. Click Update Settings.

Changing the data access permissions for a user or group account As a user with the administrator role, you can change the data access permissions associated with a user or group account. For a user account, you do this on the Users page in the Tenant Management Console. For a group account, you do this on the Groups page.

You can make these changes to data access permissions for a user or group account: Specify permissions for any number namespaces in a single operation

Change the permissions for an individual namespace for which the user or group account already has one or more permissions Dissociate a namespace from the user or group account, thereby removing all permissions for that namespace

You can change the data access permissions associated with multiple group accounts in a single operation.

Note: You cannot associate data access permissions with a RADIUS-authenticated user account.

Specifying permissions for any number of namespaces

You associate data access permissions with a user or group account by first displaying a list of namespaces and then selecting the ones for which you want to specify data access permissions. After selecting the namespaces you want, you select the permissions you want the user or group account to have for those namespaces. You can specify permissions for any number of namespaces in a single operation. If the user or group account already has permissions for any of the selected namespaces, the set of permissions you select replaces the set of permissions already associated with each of those namespaces.

1. In the list of user or group accounts on the Users or Groups page, as applicable, select the user account or group account you want.

2. Click Assign Namespace Permissions.

The Find and Select Namespaces section lists all the tenant's namespaces. Namespaces for which the user or group account already has any permissions are marked with a checkmark ( ).

3. (Optional) Filter the list of namespaces by name.

a. In the Find and Select Namespaces field, type a text string to use as a filter.

This string can be up to 64 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space. It is not case sensitive. https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

258/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

b. Click the find control (

).

4. For each namespace from which you want to specify data access permissions, click the add control (

) to select the group.

For each AD group with an existing HCP group account for which you want to change the associated roles, click the add control ( To select all the groups in the list, click Select All. To deselect a selected group, click the remove control ( To deselect all the selected groups, click Clear. The selected group rows turns green. ) for the group.

) to select the group.