The consecutive number of times a locally authenticated or RADIUS-authenticated user can enter an incorrect password before the user account is automatically disabled.

Valid values are integers in the range zero through 999. The default is five. A value of zero means accounts are never disabled due to failed login attempts.

After a user account is automatically disabled, you need to reenable it manually to allow the user to log in again.

If the last locally authenticated user account with the security role is disabled due to failed login attempts, it is reenabled automatically after one hour. The number of days an HCP user account can remain inactive before it’s automatically disabled. Valid values are integers in the range zero through 999. The default is 180

days. A value of zero means accounts are never automatically disabled due to inactivity.

https://docs.hitachivantara.com/internal/api/webapp/print/72cda581-a515-4975-93dd-f591140b46a3

24/907

6/25/24, 11:33 AM

Content Platform System Management Help

The last locally authenticated user account with the security role is never automatically disabled due to inactivity.

The number of minutes a System Management Console or Search Console session can be inactive before it times out. Valid values are integers in the range zero through

999. The default is ten minutes. A value of zero means Console sessions never time out due to inactivity. If HCP is configured to use Active Directory, domain user sessions always time out after fifteen minutes while using the System Management Console or Search Console. The Active Directory inactivity timer does not reset when you use HCP.

When a session times out, the Console displays the Idle Timeout page. If you then select a page to display:

If the user explicitly logged in, the Console login page appears.

In the case of single sign-on, the Console displays the selected page in the System Management Console or the Simple Search page in the Search Console, as

applicable. If the HCP system supports AD and has no HCP user accounts, the recommended session timeout interval is eight hours. In this case, AD users should

ensure that their screens are set to lock automatically after a short amount of idle time. Message text to appear on the login pages of the System Management Console and the Search Console for the default tenant. This text is optional. If specified, it can be up to 1,024 characters long and can contain any valid UTF-8 characters, including white space.

The text you specify appears at the bottom of the login pages. You can use this text, for example, for messages such as "Authorized Users Only" or “Welcome to the Example Corporation HCP System".

Login settings

You can change one or more login settings on the Console Security page.

To view and change user account and login settings, you need the security role.

1. In the Login Settings section, make the changes you want.

2. Click Update Settings.

Login message

You can change one or more login settings on the Console Security page.

To view and change user account and login settings, you need the security role.

1. In the Login Message section, type the message you want.

2. Click Update Login Message. System-level administration

To monitor the HCP system as a whole, you use the Overview page in the System Management Console. You use this page to view system activity, including service runs, repository

usage, and search facility indexing progress. Additionally, this page notifies you of conditions that may require intervention, such as physical drive failures and low storage capacity. About the Overview page

When you log into the System Management Console, the first page you see is the Overview page. This page lets you monitor the health of the HCP system as a whole.

The System Management Console Overview page performs these functions:

Provides notification of problems with hardware, capacity, object integrity, and various aspects of the system configuration Displays current service status

Displays a capsule view of the system log

Contains graphs that show:

The ingested object count, the indexed object count, and the ingested volume.

The total storage capacity of all primary storage volumes and the used storage capacity. The total storage capacity of all HCP S Series storage volumes and the used storage capacity. If your system does not have an HCP S Series storage component,

this graph does not appear.