Appliance interconnect/battery canister removed

The interconnect/battery canister is missing.

Appliance LACP port missing

A port on a StorageGRID appliance is not participating in the LACP bond.

Appliance NIC fault detected

A problem with a network interface card (NIC) in the appliance was detected.

1104

Alert name

Appliance overall power supply degraded Appliance SSD critical warning

Appliance storage controller A failure

Appliance storage controller B failure

Appliance storage controller drive failure

Appliance storage controller hardware issue

Appliance storage controller power supply A failure

Appliance storage controller power supply B failure

Appliance storage hardware monitor service stalled

Appliance storage shelves degraded

Appliance temperature exceeded

Appliance temperature sensor removed Appliance UEFI secure boot error

Disk I/O is very slow

Storage appliance fan fault detected

Storage appliance storage connectivity degraded

Description

The power of a StorageGRID appliance has deviated from the recommended operating voltage.

An appliance SSD is reporting a critical warning.

Storage controller A in a StorageGRID appliance has failed.

Storage controller B in a StorageGRID appliance has failed.

One or more drives in a StorageGRID appliance has failed or is not optimal.

SANtricity software is reporting "Needs attention" for a component in a StorageGRID appliance.

Power supply A in a StorageGRID appliance has deviated from the recommended operating voltage.

Power supply B in a StorageGRID appliance has deviated from the recommended operating voltage.

The service that monitors storage hardware status has stalled.

The status of one of the components in the storage shelf for a storage appliance is degraded. The nominal or maximum temperature for the appliance’s storage controller has been exceeded.

A temperature sensor has been removed.

An appliance has not been booted securely.

Very slow disk I/O may be impacting grid performance.

A problem with a fan unit in the storage controller for an appliance was detected.

There is a problem with one or more connections between the compute controller and storage controller.

1105

Alert name Storage device inaccessible

Audit and syslog alerts

Alert name

Audit logs are being added to the in-memory queue

External syslog server forwarding error

Large audit queue

Logs are being added to the on- disk queue

Bucket alerts

Alert name

FabricPool bucket has unsupported bucket consistency setting Cassandra alerts

Alert name

Cassandra auto-compactor error

Cassandra auto-compactor metrics out of date

Cassandra communication error

Cassandra compactions overloaded

Cassandra oversize write error

Cassandra repair metrics out of date

1106

Description

A storage device cannot be accessed.

Description

Node cannot send logs to the local syslog server and the in-memory queue is filling up.

Node cannot forward logs to the external syslog server.

The disk queue for audit messages is full. If this condition is not addressed, S3 or Swift operations might fail.

Node cannot forward logs to the external syslog server and the on-disk queue is filling up. Description

A FabricPool bucket uses the Available or Strong-site consistency level, which is not supported.

Description

The Cassandra auto-compactor has experienced an error.

The metrics that describe the Cassandra auto-compactor are out of date.

The nodes that run the Cassandra service are having trouble communicating with each other.

The Cassandra compaction process is overloaded.

An internal StorageGRID process sent a write request to Cassandra that was too large.

The metrics that describe Cassandra repair jobs are out of date.

Alert name

Cassandra repair progress slow Cassandra repair service not available

Cassandra table corruption

Cloud Storage Pool alerts

Alert name

Cloud Storage Pool connectivity error

Cross-grid replication alerts

Alert name

Cross-grid replication permanent failure

Cross-grid replication resources unavailable

DHCP alerts

Alert name

DHCP lease expired

DHCP lease expiring soon DHCP server unavailable

Debug and trace alerts

Alert name

Debug performance impact

Trace configuration enabled

Description

The progress of Cassandra database repairs is slow.

The Cassandra repair service is not available. The disk queue for audit messages is full. If this condition is not addressed, S3 or Swift operations might fail.

Node cannot forward logs to the external syslog server and the on-disk queue is filling up. Description

A FabricPool bucket uses the Available or Strong-site consistency level, which is not supported.

Description

The Cassandra auto-compactor has experienced an error.

The metrics that describe the Cassandra auto-compactor are out of date.

The nodes that run the Cassandra service are having trouble communicating with each other.

The Cassandra compaction process is overloaded.