Note: If multiple current alerts are grouped, current values aren’t shown in the title row.

Triggered values (resolved alerts only)

The value of the metric that caused the alert to be triggered. For some alerts, additional values are shown to help you understand and investigate the alert. For example, the values shown for a Low object data storage alert include the percentage of disk space used, the total amount of disk space, and the amount of disk space used. Steps

1. Select the Current alerts or Resolved alerts link to view a list of alerts in those categories. You can also view the details for an alert by selecting Nodes > node > Overview and then selecting the alert from the Alerts table.

By default, current alerts are shown as follows:

The most recently triggered alerts are shown first. ◦ Multiple alerts of the same type are shown as a group. ◦ Alerts that have been silenced aren’t shown. ◦ For a specific alert on a specific node, if the thresholds are reached for more than one severity, only the most severe alert is shown. That is, if alert thresholds are reached for the minor, major, and critical severities, only the critical alert is shown.

The Current alerts page is refreshed every two minutes.

2. To expand groups of alerts, select the down caret , or select the group’s name.

2. To expand groups of alerts, select the down caret , or select the group’s name. 3. To display individual alerts instead of groups of alerts, clear the Group alerts checkbox.

4. To sort current alerts or alert groups, select the up/down arrows in each column header.

When Group alerts is selected, both the alert groups and the individual alerts within each group are sorted. For example, you might want to sort the alerts in a group by Time triggered to find the most recent instance of a specific alert.

When Group alerts is cleared, the entire list of alerts is sorted. For example, you might want to sort all alerts by Node/Site to see all alerts affecting a specific node. By default, current alerts are shown as follows:

The most recently triggered alerts are shown first. ◦ Multiple alerts of the same type are shown as a group. ◦ Alerts that have been silenced aren’t shown. ◦ For a specific alert on a specific node, if the thresholds are reached for more than one severity, only the most severe alert is shown. That is, if alert thresholds are reached for the minor, major, and critical severities, only the critical alert is shown.

The Current alerts page is refreshed every two minutes.

2. To expand groups of alerts, select the down caret , or select the group’s name.

2. To expand groups of alerts, select the down caret , or select the group’s name. 3. To display individual alerts instead of groups of alerts, clear the Group alerts checkbox.

4. To sort current alerts or alert groups, select the up/down arrows in each column header.

When Group alerts is selected, both the alert groups and the individual alerts within each group are sorted. For example, you might want to sort the alerts in a group by Time triggered to find the most recent instance of a specific alert.

When Group alerts is cleared, the entire list of alerts is sorted. For example, you might want to sort all alerts by Node/Site to see all alerts affecting a specific node.

5. To filter current alerts by status (All alerts, Active, or Silenced, use the drop-down menu at the top of the table.

See Silence alert notifications.

6. To sort resolved alerts:

Select a time period from the When triggered drop-down menu.

1054

◦ Select one or more severities from the Severity drop-down menu. ◦ Select one or more default or custom alert rules from the Alert rule drop-down menu to filter on

resolved alerts related to a specific alert rule. Select one or more nodes from the Node drop-down menu to filter on resolved alerts related to a specific node.

7. To view details for a specific alert, select the alert. A dialog box provides details and recommended actions for the alert you selected.

8. (Optional) For a specific alert, select silence this alert to silence the alert rule that caused this alert to be triggered.

You must have the Manage alerts or Root access permission to silence an alert rule.

Be careful when deciding to silence an alert rule. If an alert rule is silenced, you might not detect an underlying problem until it prevents a critical operation from completing.

9. To view the current conditions for the alert rule: a. From the alert details, select View conditions.

A pop-up appears, listing the Prometheus expression for each defined severity.

b. To close the pop-up, click anywhere outside of the pop-up.

10. Optionally, select Edit rule to edit the alert rule that caused this alert to be triggered.

You must have the Manage alerts or Root access permission to edit an alert rule.