), you must

A connected site decommission allows you to remove an operational site from the StorageGRID system. For example, you can perform a connected site decommission to remove a site that is functional but no longer needed.

When StorageGRID removes a connected site, it uses ILM to manage the object data at the site. Before

1455

you can start a connected site decommission, you must remove the site from all ILM rules and activate a new ILM policy. The ILM processes to migrate object data and the internal processes to remove a site can occur at the same time, but the best practice is to allow the ILM steps to complete before you start the actual decommission procedure.

A disconnected site decommission allows you to remove a failed site from the StorageGRID system. For example, you can perform a disconnected site decommission to remove a site that has been destroyed by a fire or flood. When StorageGRID removes a disconnected site, it considers all nodes to be unrecoverable and makes no attempt to preserve data. However, before you can start a disconnected site decommission, you must remove the site from all ILM rules and activate a new ILM policy. If a site contains a mixture of connected ( bring all offline nodes back online.

) and disconnected nodes ( or

), you must

A connected site decommission allows you to remove an operational site from the StorageGRID system. For example, you can perform a connected site decommission to remove a site that is functional but no longer needed.

When StorageGRID removes a connected site, it uses ILM to manage the object data at the site. Before

1455

you can start a connected site decommission, you must remove the site from all ILM rules and activate a new ILM policy. The ILM processes to migrate object data and the internal processes to remove a site can occur at the same time, but the best practice is to allow the ILM steps to complete before you start the actual decommission procedure.

A disconnected site decommission allows you to remove a failed site from the StorageGRID system. For example, you can perform a disconnected site decommission to remove a site that has been destroyed by a fire or flood. When StorageGRID removes a disconnected site, it considers all nodes to be unrecoverable and makes no attempt to preserve data. However, before you can start a disconnected site decommission, you must remove the site from all ILM rules and activate a new ILM policy.

Before performing a disconnected site decommission procedure, you must contact your NetApp account representative. NetApp will review your requirements before enabling all steps in the Decommission Site wizard. You should not attempt a disconnected site decommission if you believe it might be possible to recover the site or to recover object data from the site.

General requirements for removing a connected or a disconnected site

Before removing a connected or disconnected site, you must be aware of the following requirements:

You can’t decommission a site that includes the primary Admin Node.

You can’t decommission a site that includes an Archive Node. You can’t decommission a site if any of the nodes have an interface that belongs to a high availability (HA) group. You must either edit the HA group to remove the node’s interface or remove the entire HA group.

You can’t decommission a site if it contains a mixture of connected ( nodes.

) and disconnected (

You can’t decommission a site if any node at any other site is disconnected ( or

).

You can’t start the site decommission procedure if an ec-node-repair operation is in progress. See Check data repair jobs to track repairs of erasure-coded data.

While the site decommission procedure is running:

You can’t create ILM rules that refer to the site being decommissioned. You also can’t edit an existing ILM rule to refer to the site.

You can’t perform other maintenance procedures, such as expansion or upgrade.

If you need to perform another maintenance procedure during a connected site decommission, you can pause the procedure while the Storage Nodes are being removed. The Pause button is enabled only when the ILM evaluation or erasure-coded data decommissioning stages are reached; however, ILM evaluation (data migration) will continue to run in the background. After the second maintenance procedure is complete, you can resume decommissioning.

If you need to recover any node after starting the site decommission procedure, you must contact support. You can’t decommission more than one site at a time.

If the site includes one or more Admin Nodes and single sign-on (SSO) is enabled for your StorageGRID

1456

or

)

system, you must remove all relying party trusts for the site from Active Directory Federation Services (AD FS). Requirements for information lifecycle management (ILM)