Use caution when you decommission Storage Nodes in a grid containing software-based metadata-only nodes. If you decommission all nodes configured to store both objects and metadata, the ability to store objects is removed from the grid. See Types of Storage Nodes for more information about metadata-only Storage Nodes. When you remove a Storage Node, large volumes of object data are transferred over the network. Although these transfers should not affect normal system operations, they can affect the total amount of network bandwidth consumed by the StorageGRID system.

Tasks associated with Storage Node decommissioning are given a lower priority than tasks associated with normal system operations. This means that decommissioning does not interfere with normal StorageGRID system operations, and does not need to be scheduled for a period of system inactivity. Because decommissioning is performed in the background, it is difficult to estimate how long the process will take to complete. In general, decommissioning finishes more quickly when the system is quiet, or if only one Storage Node is being removed at a time. It might take days or weeks to decommission a Storage Node. Plan this procedure accordingly. While the decommission process is designed to not impact system operations, it can limit other procedures. In general, you should perform any planned system upgrades or expansions before you remove grid nodes.

If you need to perform another maintenance procedure while Storage Nodes are being removed, you can pause the decommission procedure and resume it after the other procedure is complete.

The Pause button is enabled only when the ILM evaluation or erasure-coded data decommissioning stages are reached; however, ILM evaluation (data migration) will continue to run in the background.

You can’t run data repair operations on any grid nodes when a decommission task is running.

You should not make any changes to an ILM policy while a Storage Node is being decommissioned.

When you decommission a Storage Node, the following alerts and alarms might be triggered and you 1439

might receive related email and SNMP notifications:

Unable to communicate with node alert. This alert is triggered when you decommission a Storage Node that includes the ADC service. The alert is resolved when the decommission operation completes.

VSTU (Object Verification Status) alarm. This notice-level alarm indicates that the Storage Node is going into maintenance mode during the decommission process.

CASA (Data Store Status) alarm. This major-level alarm indicates that the Cassandra database is going down because services have stopped.

To permanently and securely remove data, you must wipe the Storage Node’s drives after the decommission procedure is complete. Considerations for disconnected Storage Nodes

Review the considerations for decommissioning a disconnected Storage Node.

Never decommission a disconnected node unless you are sure it can’t be brought online or recovered.

Don’t perform this procedure if you believe it might be possible to recover object data from the node. Instead, contact technical support to determine if node recovery is possible.

When you decommission a disconnected Storage Node, StorageGRID uses data from other Storage Nodes to reconstruct the object data and metadata that was on the disconnected node. Data loss might occur if you decommission more than one disconnected Storage Node. The system might not be able to reconstruct data if not enough object copies, erasure-coded fragments, or object metadata remain available. When decommissioning Storage Nodes in a grid with software-based metadata-only nodes, decommissioning all nodes configured to store both objects and metadata removes all object storage from the grid. See Types of Storage Nodes for more information about metadata-only Storage Nodes. If you have more than one disconnected Storage Node that you can’t recover, contact technical support to determine the best course of action. CASA (Data Store Status) alarm. This major-level alarm indicates that the Cassandra database is going down because services have stopped.

To permanently and securely remove data, you must wipe the Storage Node’s drives after the decommission procedure is complete. Considerations for disconnected Storage Nodes

Review the considerations for decommissioning a disconnected Storage Node.

Never decommission a disconnected node unless you are sure it can’t be brought online or recovered.

Don’t perform this procedure if you believe it might be possible to recover object data from the node. Instead, contact technical support to determine if node recovery is possible.