Default retention mode: Either compliance or governance. Default retention period: How long new object versions added to this bucket should be retained, starting from the day they are added.

The default bucket settings apply only to new objects that don’t have their own retention settings. Existing bucket objects aren’t affected when you add or change these default settings.

See Create an S3 bucket and Update S3 Object Lock default retention. S3 Object Lock workflow

The workflow diagram shows the high-level steps for using the S3 Object Lock feature in StorageGRID.

Before you can create buckets with S3 Object Lock enabled, the grid administrator must enable the global S3 Object Lock setting for the entire StorageGRID system. The grid administrator must also ensure that the information lifecycle management (ILM) policy is "compliant"; it must meet the requirements of buckets with S3 Object Lock enabled. For details, contact your grid administrator or see the instructions for manage objects with S3 Object Lock.

After the global S3 Object Lock setting has been enabled, you can create buckets with S3 Object Lock enabled and optionally specify default retention settings for each bucket. In addition, you can use the S3 client application to optionally specify retention settings for each object version.

816

Requirements for buckets with S3 Object Lock enabled If the global S3 Object Lock setting is enabled for the StorageGRID system, you can use the Tenant Manager, the Tenant Management API, or the S3 REST API to create buckets with S3 Object Lock enabled.

If you plan to use S3 Object Lock, you must enable S3 Object Lock when you create the bucket. You can’t enable S3 Object Lock for an existing bucket.

When S3 Object Lock is enabled for a bucket, StorageGRID automatically enables versioning for that bucket. You can’t disable S3 Object Lock or suspend versioning for the bucket. Before you can create buckets with S3 Object Lock enabled, the grid administrator must enable the global S3 Object Lock setting for the entire StorageGRID system. The grid administrator must also ensure that the information lifecycle management (ILM) policy is "compliant"; it must meet the requirements of buckets with S3 Object Lock enabled. For details, contact your grid administrator or see the instructions for manage objects with S3 Object Lock.

After the global S3 Object Lock setting has been enabled, you can create buckets with S3 Object Lock enabled and optionally specify default retention settings for each bucket. In addition, you can use the S3 client application to optionally specify retention settings for each object version.

816

Requirements for buckets with S3 Object Lock enabled If the global S3 Object Lock setting is enabled for the StorageGRID system, you can use the Tenant Manager, the Tenant Management API, or the S3 REST API to create buckets with S3 Object Lock enabled.

If you plan to use S3 Object Lock, you must enable S3 Object Lock when you create the bucket. You can’t enable S3 Object Lock for an existing bucket.

When S3 Object Lock is enabled for a bucket, StorageGRID automatically enables versioning for that bucket. You can’t disable S3 Object Lock or suspend versioning for the bucket.

Optionally, you can specify a default retention mode and retention period for each bucket using the Tenant Manager, the Tenant Management API, or the S3 REST API. The bucket’s default retention settings apply only to new objects added to the bucket that don’t have their own retention settings. You can override these default settings by specifying a retention mode and retain-until-date for each object version when it is uploaded. Bucket lifecycle configuration is supported for buckets with S3 Object Lock enabled.

CloudMirror replication is not supported for buckets with S3 Object Lock enabled.

817

Requirements for objects in buckets with S3 Object Lock enabled

To protect an object version, you can specify default retention settings for the bucket, or you can specify retention settings for each object version. Object-level retention settings can be specified using the S3 client application or the S3 REST API.

Retention settings apply to individual object versions. An object version can have both a retain-until-date and a legal hold setting, one but not the other, or neither. Specifying a retain-until-date or a legal hold setting for an object protects only the version specified in the request. You can create new versions of the object, while the previous version of the object remains locked.

Lifecycle of objects in buckets with S3 Object Lock enabled Each object that is saved in a bucket with S3 Object Lock enabled goes through these stages:

1. Object ingest

When an object version is added to bucket that has S3 Object Lock enabled, retention settings are applied as follows:

If retention settings are specified for the object, the object-level settings are applied. Any default bucket settings are ignored.