Select Actions to quickly edit, attach, or remove a client certificate. You can select up to 10 client certificates and remove them at one time using Actions > Remove. Load balancer endpoints

Load balancer endpoint certificates secure the connections between S3 and Swift clients and the StorageGRID Load Balancer service on Gateway Nodes and Admin Nodes.

The load balancer endpoint table has a row for each configured load balancer endpoint and indicates whether the global S3 and Swift API certificate or a custom load balancer endpoint certificate is being used for the endpoint. The expiration date for each certificate is also displayed.

Changes to an endpoint certificate can take up to 15 minutes to be applied to all nodes. You can:

View a load balancer endpoint, including its certificate details. Client certificates, generated by an external certificate authority, secure the connections between external monitoring tools and the StorageGRID Prometheus database.

The certificate table has a row for each configured client certificate and indicates whether the certificate can be used for Prometheus database access, along with the certificate expiration date. You can:

394

• Upload or generate a new client certificate.

Select a certificate name to display the certificate details where you can:

Change the client certificate name. ◦ Set the Prometheus access permission. ◦ Upload and replace the client certificate. ◦ Copy or download the client certificate. ◦ Remove the client certificate.

Select Actions to quickly edit, attach, or remove a client certificate. You can select up to 10 client certificates and remove them at one time using Actions > Remove. Load balancer endpoints

Load balancer endpoint certificates secure the connections between S3 and Swift clients and the StorageGRID Load Balancer service on Gateway Nodes and Admin Nodes.

The load balancer endpoint table has a row for each configured load balancer endpoint and indicates whether the global S3 and Swift API certificate or a custom load balancer endpoint certificate is being used for the endpoint. The expiration date for each certificate is also displayed.

Changes to an endpoint certificate can take up to 15 minutes to be applied to all nodes. You can:

View a load balancer endpoint, including its certificate details.

Specify a load balancer endpoint certificate for FabricPool.

Use the global S3 and Swift API certificate instead of generating a new load balancer endpoint certificate.

Tenants

Tenants can use identity federation server certificates or platform service endpoint certificates to secure their connections with StorageGRID.

The tenant table has a row for each tenant and indicates if each tenant has permission to use its own identity source or platform services. You can:

Select a tenant name to sign in to the Tenant Manager

Select a tenant name to view the tenant identity federation details

Select a tenant name to view tenant platform services details

Specify a platform service endpoint certificate during endpoint creation Other

StorageGRID uses other security certificates for specific purposes. These certificates are listed by their functional name. Other security certificates include:

Cloud Storage Pool certificates

Email alert notification certificates

395

• External syslog server certificates

Grid federation connection certificates

Identity federation certificates

Key management server (KMS) certificates

Single sign-on certificates

Information indicates the type of certificate a function uses and its server and client certificate expiration dates, as applicable. Selecting a function name opens a browser tab where you can view and edit the certificate details.

You can only view and access information for other certificates if you have the appropriate permission. You can:

Specify a Cloud Storage Pool certificate for S3, C2S S3, or Azure

Specify a certificate for alert email notifications

Use a certificate for an external syslog server

Rotate grid federation connection certificates

View and edit an identity federation certificate

Upload key management server (KMS) server and client certificates

Manually specify an SSO certificate for a relying party trust Security certificate details

Each type of security certificate is described below, with links to the implementation instructions.

Management interface certificate

396

Certificate type

Description

Server

Authenticates the connection between client web browsers and the StorageGRID management interface, allowing users to access the Grid Manager and Tenant Manager without security warnings. This certificate also authenticates Grid Management API and Tenant Management API connections.

You can use the default certificate created during installation or upload a custom certificate.

S3 and Swift API certificate

Certificate type

Description

Server