The Nodes page lists information about service health and all computational, disk device, and network resources for each services appliance that is used as an Admin Node or a Gateway Node. You can also see memory, storage hardware, network resources, network interfaces, network addresses, and receive and transmit data. Steps

1032

1. From the Nodes page, select an appliance Admin Node or an appliance Gateway Node.

2. Select Overview.

The Node information section of the Overview tab displays summary information for the node, such as the node’s name, type, ID, and connection state. The list of IP addresses includes the name of the interface for each address, as follows:

adllb and adlli: Shown if active/backup bonding is used for the Admin Network interface ◦ eth: The Grid Network, Admin Network, or Client Network. ◦ hic: One of the physical 10, 25, or 100 GbE ports on the appliance. These ports can be bonded together and connected to the StorageGRID Grid Network (eth0) and Client Network (eth2).

mtc: One of the physical 1-GbE ports on the appliance. One or more mtc interfaces are bonded to form the Admin Network interface (eth1). You can leave other mtc interfaces available for temporary local connectivity for a technician in the data center. The Alerts section of the Overview tab displays any active alerts for the node.

3. Select Hardware to see more information about the appliance.

a. View the CPU Utilization and Memory graphs to determine the percentages of CPU and memory usage over time. To display a different time interval, select one of the controls above the chart or graph. You

1033

1034

can display the information available for intervals of 1 hour, 1 day, 1 week, or 1 month. You can also set a custom interval, which allows you to specify date and time ranges.

b. Scroll down to view the table of components for the appliance. This table contains information such as

the model name, serial number, controller firmware version, and the status of each component. Field in the Appliance table

Description mtc: One of the physical 1-GbE ports on the appliance. One or more mtc interfaces are bonded to form the Admin Network interface (eth1). You can leave other mtc interfaces available for temporary local connectivity for a technician in the data center. The Alerts section of the Overview tab displays any active alerts for the node.

3. Select Hardware to see more information about the appliance.

a. View the CPU Utilization and Memory graphs to determine the percentages of CPU and memory usage over time. To display a different time interval, select one of the controls above the chart or graph. You

1033

1034

can display the information available for intervals of 1 hour, 1 day, 1 week, or 1 month. You can also set a custom interval, which allows you to specify date and time ranges.

b. Scroll down to view the table of components for the appliance. This table contains information such as

the model name, serial number, controller firmware version, and the status of each component. Field in the Appliance table

Description

Appliance model

The model number for this StorageGRID appliance.

Field in the Appliance table

Description

Storage controller failed drive count

The number of drives that aren’t optimal.

Storage data drive type

The type of drives in the appliance, such as HDD (hard drive) or SSD (solid state drive). Storage data drive size

The effective size of one data drive.

Storage RAID mode

The RAID mode for the appliance.

Overall power supply

The status of all power supplies in the appliance.

Compute controller BMC IP

The IP address of the baseboard management controller (BMC) port in the compute controller. You can use this IP to connect to the BMC interface to monitor and diagnose the appliance hardware.

This field is not displayed for appliance models that don’t contain a BMC. Compute controller serial number

The serial number of the compute controller.

Compute hardware

The status of the compute controller hardware.

Compute controller CPU temperature

The temperature status of the compute controller’s CPU.

Compute controller chassis temperature

The temperature status of the compute controller.

c. Confirm that all statuses are "Nominal."

If a status is not "Nominal," review any current alerts.

4. Select Network to view information for each network.

The Network Traffic graph provides a summary of overall network traffic.

1035

1036 a. Review the Network Interfaces section.

Use the following table with the values in the Speed column in the Network Interfaces table to determine whether the four 40/100-GbE network ports on the appliance were configured to use active/backup mode or LACP mode.

The values shown in the table assume all four links are used.

Link mode

Bond mode Individual HIC link speed (hic1, hic2, hic3, hic4)

Expected Grid/Client Network speed (eth0, eth2)

Aggregate

LACP

100

400

Fixed

LACP

100

200

Fixed

Active/Backup

100

100

Aggregate