After the storage volumes are reformatted and remounted and necessary Cassandra operations are complete, you can restore object data using Grid Manager.

Restore object data to storage volume where system drive is intact

After recovering a storage volume on a Storage Node where the system drive is intact, you can restore the replicated or erasure-coded object data that was lost when the 1584

storage volume failed.

Which procedure should I use?

Whenever possible, restore object data using the Volume restoration page in the Grid Manager.

If the volumes are listed at MAINTENANCE > Volume restoration > Nodes to restore, restore object data using the Volume restoration page in the Grid Manager.

If the volumes aren’t listed at MAINTENANCE > Volume restoration > Nodes to restore, follow the steps below for using the repair-data script to restore object data.

If the recovered Storage Node contains fewer volumes than the node it is replacing, you must use the repair-data script.

The repair-data script is deprecated and will be removed in a future release. When possible, use the Volume restoration procedure in the Grid Manager.

Use the repair-data script to restore object data

Before you begin

You have confirmed that the recovered Storage Node has a Connection State of Connected NODES > Overview tab in the Grid Manager. About this task

Object data can be restored from other Storage Nodes, an Archive Node, or a Cloud Storage Pool, assuming that the grid’s ILM rules were configured such that object copies are available.

Note the following:

If an ILM rule was configured to store only one replicated copy and that copy existed on a storage volume that failed, you will not be able to recover the object.

If the only remaining copy of an object is in a Cloud Storage Pool, StorageGRID must issue multiple requests to the Cloud Storage Pool endpoint to restore object data. Before performing this procedure, contact technical support for help in estimating the recovery time frame and the associated costs. If the only remaining copy of an object is on an Archive Node, object data is retrieved from the Archive Node. Restoring object data to a Storage Node from an Archive Node takes longer than restoring copies from other Storage Nodes because of the latency associated with retrievals from external archival storage systems. About the repair-data script

To restore object data, you run the repair-data script. This script begins the process of restoring object data and works with ILM scanning to ensure that ILM rules are met.

Select Replicated data or Erasure-coded (EC) data below to learn the different options for the repair-data script, based on whether you are restoring replicated data or erasure-coded data. If you need to restore both types of data, you must run both sets of commands.

For more information about the repair-data script, enter repair-data --help from the command line of the primary Admin Node. on the

1585

The repair-data script is deprecated and will be removed in a future release. When possible, use the Volume restoration procedure in the Grid Manager.

Replicated data

Two commands are available for restoring replicated data, based on whether you need to repair the entire node or only certain volumes on the node: repair-data start-replicated-node-repair

repair-data start-replicated-volume-repair

You can track repairs of replicated data with this command:

repair-data show-replicated-repair-status

Erasure-coded (EC) data

Two commands are available for restoring erasure-coded data, based on whether you need to repair the entire node or only certain volumes on the node: repair-data start-ec-node-repair

repair-data start-ec-volume-repair

You can track repairs of erasure-coded data with this command:

repair-data show-ec-repair-status

Repairs of erasure-coded data can begin while some Storage Nodes are offline. However, if all erasure-coded data can’t be accounted for, the repair can’t be completed. Repair will complete after all nodes are available.

The EC repair job temporarily reserves a large amount of storage. Storage alerts might be triggered, but will resolve when the repair is complete. If there is not enough storage for the reservation, the EC repair job will fail. Storage reservations are released when the EC repair job completes, whether the job failed or succeeded. Find hostname for Storage Node Two commands are available for restoring replicated data, based on whether you need to repair the entire node or only certain volumes on the node: repair-data start-replicated-node-repair

repair-data start-replicated-volume-repair

You can track repairs of replicated data with this command:

repair-data show-replicated-repair-status

Erasure-coded (EC) data

Two commands are available for restoring erasure-coded data, based on whether you need to repair the entire node or only certain volumes on the node: repair-data start-ec-node-repair

repair-data start-ec-volume-repair