Before you begin

782

• You are signed in to the Tenant Manager using a supported web browser.

You belong to a user group that has the Root access permission.

You are using Active Directory, Azure AD, OpenLDAP, or Oracle Directory Server as the identity provider.

If you want to use an LDAP v3 service that is not listed, contact technical support.

If you plan to use OpenLDAP, you must configure the OpenLDAP server. See Guidelines for configuring OpenLDAP server.

If you plan to use Transport Layer Security (TLS) for communications with the LDAP server, the identity provider must be using TLS 1.2 or 1.3. See Supported ciphers for outgoing TLS connections. About this task

Whether you can configure an identity federation service for your tenant depends on how your tenant account was set up. Your tenant might share the identity federation service that was configured for the Grid Manager. If you see this message when you access the Identity Federation page, you can’t configure a separate federated identity source for this tenant. Enter configuration

When you configure identify federation, you provide the values StorageGRID needs to connect to an LDAP service. Steps

1. Select ACCESS MANAGEMENT > Identity federation.

2. Select Enable identity federation.

3. In the LDAP service type section, select the type of LDAP service you want to configure.

Select Other to configure values for an LDAP server that uses Oracle Directory Server.

4. If you selected Other, complete the fields in the LDAP Attributes section. Otherwise, go to the next step.

User Unique Name: The name of the attribute that contains the unique identifier of an LDAP user. This attribute is equivalent to sAMAccountName for Active Directory and uid for OpenLDAP. If you are configuring Oracle Directory Server, enter uid.

User UUID: The name of the attribute that contains the permanent unique identifier of an LDAP user. This attribute is equivalent to objectGUID for Active Directory and entryUUID for OpenLDAP. If you are configuring Oracle Directory Server, enter nsuniqueid. Each user’s value for the specified

783 attribute must be a 32-digit hexadecimal number in either 16-byte or string format, where hyphens are ignored.

Group Unique Name: The name of the attribute that contains the unique identifier of an LDAP group. This attribute is equivalent to sAMAccountName for Active Directory and cn for OpenLDAP. If you are configuring Oracle Directory Server, enter cn.

Group UUID: The name of the attribute that contains the permanent unique identifier of an LDAP group. This attribute is equivalent to objectGUID for Active Directory and entryUUID for OpenLDAP. If you are configuring Oracle Directory Server, enter nsuniqueid. Each group’s value for the specified attribute must be a 32-digit hexadecimal number in either 16-byte or string format, where hyphens are ignored.

5. For all LDAP service types, enter the required LDAP server and network connection information in the Configure LDAP server section. Hostname: The fully qualified domain name (FQDN) or IP address of the LDAP server. ◦ Port: The port used to connect to the LDAP server. 783 attribute must be a 32-digit hexadecimal number in either 16-byte or string format, where hyphens are ignored.

Group Unique Name: The name of the attribute that contains the unique identifier of an LDAP group. This attribute is equivalent to sAMAccountName for Active Directory and cn for OpenLDAP. If you are configuring Oracle Directory Server, enter cn.

Group UUID: The name of the attribute that contains the permanent unique identifier of an LDAP group. This attribute is equivalent to objectGUID for Active Directory and entryUUID for OpenLDAP. If you are configuring Oracle Directory Server, enter nsuniqueid. Each group’s value for the specified attribute must be a 32-digit hexadecimal number in either 16-byte or string format, where hyphens are ignored.

5. For all LDAP service types, enter the required LDAP server and network connection information in the Configure LDAP server section. Hostname: The fully qualified domain name (FQDN) or IP address of the LDAP server. ◦ Port: The port used to connect to the LDAP server.

The default port for STARTTLS is 389, and the default port for LDAPS is 636. However, you can use any port as long as your firewall is configured correctly.

Username: The full path of the distinguished name (DN) for the user that will connect to the LDAP server.

For Active Directory, you can also specify the Down-Level Logon Name or the User Principal Name.

The specified user must have permission to list groups and users and to access the following attributes:

▪ sAMAccountName or uid ▪ objectGUID, entryUUID, or nsuniqueid ▪ cn ▪ memberOf or isMemberOf ▪ Active Directory: objectSid, primaryGroupID, userAccountControl, and userPrincipalName

▪ Azure: accountEnabled and userPrincipalName ◦ Password: The password associated with the username.