If an SSTS alarm has been triggered, you can follow these steps to better understand the issue. Steps

1. Select SUPPORT > Alarms (legacy) > Current alarms.

2. From the Service column, select the data center, node, and service that are associated with the SSTS alarm.

The Grid Topology page appears. The Alarms tab shows the active alarms for the node and service you selected.

1278

In this example, both the SSTS (Storage Status) and SAVP (Total Usable Space (Percent)) alarms have been triggered at the Notice level.

Typically, both the SSTS alarm and the SAVP alarm are triggered at about the same time; however, whether both alarms are triggered depends on the the watermark setting in GB and the SAVP alarm setting in percent.

3. To determine how much usable space is actually available, select LDR > Storage > Overview, and find the Total Usable Space (STAS) attribute. For example, suppose the Storage Volume Soft Read-Only Watermark is set to 10 GB, which is its default value. The SSTS alarm is triggered if less than 10 GB of usable space remains on each storage volume in the Storage Node. If any of the volumes has 10 GB or more of available space, the alarm is not triggered.

If an SSTS alarm has been triggered, you can follow these steps to better understand the issue. Steps

1. Select SUPPORT > Alarms (legacy) > Current alarms.

2. From the Service column, select the data center, node, and service that are associated with the SSTS alarm.

The Grid Topology page appears. The Alarms tab shows the active alarms for the node and service you selected.

1278

In this example, both the SSTS (Storage Status) and SAVP (Total Usable Space (Percent)) alarms have been triggered at the Notice level.

Typically, both the SSTS alarm and the SAVP alarm are triggered at about the same time; however, whether both alarms are triggered depends on the the watermark setting in GB and the SAVP alarm setting in percent.

3. To determine how much usable space is actually available, select LDR > Storage > Overview, and find the Total Usable Space (STAS) attribute.

1279 In this example, only 19.6 GB of the 164 GB of space on this Storage Node remains available. Note that the total value is the sum of the Available values for the three object store volumes. The SSTS alarm was triggered because each of the three storage volumes had less than 10 GB of available space.

4. To understand how storage has been used over time, select the Reports tab, and plot Total Usable Space over the last few hours.

In this example, Total Usable Space dropped from roughly 155 GB at 12:00 to 20 GB at 12:35, which corresponds to the time at which the SSTS alarm was triggered.

1280

5. To understand how storage is being used as a percent of the total, plot Total Usable Space (Percent) over the last few hours.

In this example, the total usable space dropped from 95% to just over 10% at approximately the same time.

1281

6. As required, add storage capacity. Also see Manage full Storage Nodes.

Troubleshoot delivery of platform services messages (SMTT alarm)

The Total Events (SMTT) alarm is triggered in the Grid Manager if a platform service message is delivered to an destination that can’t accept the data.

About this task

For example, an S3 multipart upload can succeed even though the associated replication or notification message can’t be delivered to the configured endpoint. Or, a message for CloudMirror replication can fail to be delivered if the metadata is too long.

The SMTT alarm contains a Last Event message that says, Failed to publish notifications for bucket-name object key for the last object whose notification failed.

Event messages are also listed in the /var/local/log/bycast-err.log log file. See the Log files reference.

For additional information, see the Troubleshoot platform services. You might need to access the tenant from the Tenant Manager to debug a platform service error. Steps

1282

1. To view the alarm, select NODES > site > grid node > Events.

2. View Last Event at the top of the table.

Event messages are also listed in /var/local/log/bycast-err.log.

3. Follow the guidance provided in the SMTT alarm contents to correct the issue.

4. Select Reset event counts.

5. Notify the tenant of the objects whose platform services messages have not been delivered.

6. Instruct the tenant to trigger the failed replication or notification by updating the object’s metadata or tags. Troubleshoot metadata issues

You can perform several tasks to help determine the source of metadata problems.

Low metadata storage alert

If the Low metadata storage alert is triggered, you must add new Storage Nodes.

Before you begin

You are signed in to the Grid Manager using a supported web browser. About this task Event messages are also listed in the /var/local/log/bycast-err.log log file. See the Log files reference.