1409

d. Select the Configuration tab and then the Main tab.

e. If the Storage State - Desired drop-down list is set to Read-only or Offline, select Online. 12. Check that the services start correctly:

a. View a list of the status of all services on the server:

sudo storagegrid-status

The status is updated automatically.

b. Wait until all services are Running or Verified.

c. Exit the status screen: Ctrl+C

13. Configure the new storage for use by the Storage Node:

a. Configure the new storage volumes:

sudo add_rangedbs.rb

This script finds any new storage volumes and prompts you to format them.

b. Enter y to format the storage volumes.

c. If any of the volumes have previously been formatted, decide if you want to reformat them.

▪ Enter y to reformat. ▪ Enter n to skip reformatting.

The setup_rangedbs.sh script runs automatically.

14. Verify that the Storage Node is online:

a. Sign in to the Grid Manager using a supported web browser. b. Select SUPPORT > Tools > Grid topology.

c. Select site > Storage Node > LDR > Storage.

1409

d. Select the Configuration tab and then the Main tab.

e. If the Storage State - Desired drop-down list is set to Read-only or Offline, select Online.

f. Click Apply Changes.

15. To see the new object stores: a. Select NODES > site > Storage Node > Storage.

b. View the details in the Object Stores table.

Result

You can now use the expanded capacity of the Storage Nodes to save object data.

Add grid nodes or site

Add grid nodes to existing site or add new site

Follow this procedure to add grid nodes to existing sites or to add a new site. You can only perform one type of expansion at a time.

Before you begin

You have the Root access or Maintenance permission.

All existing nodes in the grid are up and running across all sites.

Any previous expansion, upgrade, decommissioning, or recovery procedures are complete.

You are prevented from starting an expansion while another expansion, upgrade, recovery, or active decommission procedure is in progress. However, if necessary, you can pause a decommission procedure to start an expansion. Steps

1. Update subnets for Grid Network.

2. Deploy new grid nodes.

3. Perform expansion.

Update subnets for Grid Network

When you add grid nodes or a new site in an expansion, you might need to update or add subnets to the Grid Network.

StorageGRID maintains a list of the network subnets used to communicate between grid nodes on the Grid Network (eth0). These entries include the subnets used for the Grid Network by each site in your StorageGRID system as well as any subnets used for NTP, DNS, LDAP, or other external servers accessed through the Grid Network gateway.

Before you begin

You are signed in to the Grid Manager using a supported web browser.

You have the Maintenance or Root access permission.

You have the provisioning passphrase.

1410

• You have the network addresses, in CIDR notation, of the subnets you want to configure. About this task

If any of the new nodes has a Grid Network IP address on a subnet not previously used, you must add the new subnet to the Grid Network subnet list before starting the expansion. Otherwise, you will have to cancel the expansion, add the new subnet, and start the procedure again.

Steps

1. Select MAINTENANCE > Network > Grid Network.

2. Select Add another subnet to add a new subnet in CIDR notation.

For example, enter 10.96.104.0/22.

3. Enter the provisioning passphrase, and select Save.

4. Wait until the changes are applied, then download a new Recovery Package. a. Select MAINTENANCE > System > Recovery package.

b. Enter the Provisioning Passphrase.

The Recovery Package file must be secured because it contains encryption keys and passwords that can be used to obtain data from the StorageGRID system. It is also used to recover the primary Admin Node.

The subnets you have specified are configured automatically for your StorageGRID system. Deploy new grid nodes

The steps for deploying new grid nodes in an expansion are the same as the steps used when the grid was first installed. You must deploy all new grid nodes before you can perform the expansion. If any of the new nodes has a Grid Network IP address on a subnet not previously used, you must add the new subnet to the Grid Network subnet list before starting the expansion. Otherwise, you will have to cancel the expansion, add the new subnet, and start the procedure again.

Steps

1. Select MAINTENANCE > Network > Grid Network.

2. Select Add another subnet to add a new subnet in CIDR notation.

For example, enter 10.96.104.0/22.

3. Enter the provisioning passphrase, and select Save.

4. Wait until the changes are applied, then download a new Recovery Package. a. Select MAINTENANCE > System > Recovery package.

b. Enter the Provisioning Passphrase.