3. Enter the provisioning passphrase at the prompt.

The main menu appears.

1514

4. Optionally select 1 to choose which nodes to update. Then select one of the following options:

1: Single node — select by name ◦ 2: Single node — select by site, then by name ◦ 3: Single node — select by current IP ◦ 4: All nodes at a site ◦ 5: All nodes in the grid

Note: If you want to update all nodes, allow "all" to remain selected. 1. Log in to the primary Admin Node: a. Enter the following command: ssh admin@primary_Admin_Node_IP

b. Enter the password listed in the Passwords.txt file.

c. Enter the following command to switch to root: su -

d. Enter the password listed in the Passwords.txt file.

When you are logged in as root, the prompt changes from $ to #.

2. Start the Change IP tool by entering the following command: change-ip

3. Enter the provisioning passphrase at the prompt.

The main menu appears.

1514

4. Optionally select 1 to choose which nodes to update. Then select one of the following options:

1: Single node — select by name ◦ 2: Single node — select by site, then by name ◦ 3: Single node — select by current IP ◦ 4: All nodes at a site ◦ 5: All nodes in the grid

Note: If you want to update all nodes, allow "all" to remain selected.

After you make your selection, the main menu appears, with the Selected nodes field updated to reflect your choice. All subsequent actions are performed only on the nodes displayed. 5. On the main menu, select option 2 to edit IP/mask, gateway, and MTU information for the selected nodes.

a. Select the network where you want to make changes:

▪ 1: Grid network ▪ 2: Admin network ▪ 3: Client network ▪ 4: All networks

After you make your selection, the prompt shows the node name, network name (Grid, Admin, or Client), data type (IP/mask, Gateway, or MTU), and current value.

Editing the IP address, prefix length, gateway, or MTU of a DHCP-configured interface will change the interface to static. When you select to change an interface configured by DHCP, a warning is displayed to inform you that the interface will change to static.

Interfaces configured as fixed can’t be edited.

b. To set a new value, enter it in the format shown for the current value.

c. To leave the current value unchanged, press Enter.

d. If the data type is IP/mask, you can delete the Admin or Client Network from the node by entering d or

0.0.0.0/0. e. After editing all nodes you want to change, enter q to return to the main menu.

1515

Your changes are held until cleared or applied.

6. Review your changes by selecting one of the following options:

5: Shows edits in output that is isolated to show only the changed item. Changes are highlighted in green (additions) or red (deletions), as shown in the example output:

6: Shows edits in output that displays the full configuration. Changes are highlighted in green (additions) or red (deletions).

Certain command line interfaces might show additions and deletions using strikethrough formatting. Proper display depends on your terminal client supporting the necessary VT100 escape sequences.

7. Select option 7 to validate all changes.

This validation ensures that the rules for the Grid, Admin, and Client Networks, such as not using overlapping subnets, aren’t violated.

In this example, validation returned errors.

In this example, validation passed. 1516

8. After validation passes, choose one of the following options:

8: Save unapplied changes.

This option allows you to quit the Change IP tool and start it again later, without losing any unapplied changes.

10: Apply the new network configuration.

9. If you selected option 10, choose one of the following options:

apply: Apply the changes immediately and automatically restart each node if necessary.

If the new network configuration does not require any physical networking changes, you can select apply to apply the changes immediately. Nodes will be restarted automatically, if necessary. Nodes that need to be restarted will be displayed.

stage: Apply the changes the next time the nodes are restarted manually. If you need to make physical or virtual networking configuration changes for the new network configuration to function, you must use the stage option, shut down the affected nodes, make the necessary physical networking changes, and restart the affected nodes. If you select apply without first making these networking changes, the changes will usually fail.

If you use the stage option, you must restart the node as soon as possible after staging to minimize disruptions. This validation ensures that the rules for the Grid, Admin, and Client Networks, such as not using overlapping subnets, aren’t violated.

In this example, validation returned errors.

In this example, validation passed. 1516

8. After validation passes, choose one of the following options:

8: Save unapplied changes.