1452

download the .zip file. See downloading the Recovery Package.

Download the Recovery Package as soon as possible to ensure you can recover your grid if something goes wrong during the decommission procedure.

6. Periodically monitor the Decommission Nodes page to ensure that all selected nodes are decommissioned successfully.

Storage Nodes can take days or weeks to decommission.

When all tasks are complete, the node selection list is redisplayed with a success message.

After you finish

Complete these steps after you complete the node decommission procedure:

1. Follow the appropriate step for your platform. For example: 2. Enter the provisioning passphrase.

The Start Decommission button is enabled.

3. Select Start Decommission.

4. Review the list of nodes in the confirmation dialog, and select OK.

The node decommission procedure starts, and the progress is displayed for each node.

Don’t take a Storage Node offline after the decommission procedure has started. Changing the state might result in some content not being copied to other locations.

5. As soon as the new Recovery Package is available, select the Recovery Package link in the banner or select MAINTENANCE > System > Recovery package to access the Recovery Package page. Then,

1452

download the .zip file. See downloading the Recovery Package.

Download the Recovery Package as soon as possible to ensure you can recover your grid if something goes wrong during the decommission procedure.

6. Periodically monitor the Decommission Nodes page to ensure that all selected nodes are decommissioned successfully.

Storage Nodes can take days or weeks to decommission.

When all tasks are complete, the node selection list is redisplayed with a success message.

After you finish

Complete these steps after you complete the node decommission procedure:

1. Follow the appropriate step for your platform. For example:

Linux: You might want to detach the volumes and delete the node configuration files you created during installation. See Install StorageGRID on Red Hat Enterprise Linux and Install StorageGRID on Ubuntu or Debian. VMware: You might want to use the vCenter "Delete from Disk" option to delete the virtual machine. You might also need to delete any data disks that are independent of the virtual machine.

StorageGRID appliance: The appliance node automatically reverts to an undeployed state where you can access the StorageGRID Appliance Installer. You can power off the appliance or add it to another StorageGRID system.

2. Ensure that the drives of the decommissioned grid node are wiped clean. Use a commercially available data wiping tool or service to permanently and securely remove data from the drives.

3. If you decommissioned an appliance node and the data on the appliance was protected using node encryption, use the StorageGRID Appliance Installer to clear the key management server configuration (Clear KMS). You must clear the KMS configuration if you want to add the appliance to another grid. For instructions, see Monitor node encryption in maintenance mode. Pause and resume decommission process for Storage Nodes

If you need to perform a second maintenance procedure, you can pause the decommission procedure for a Storage Node during certain stages. After the other procedure is finished, you can resume decommissioning.

The Pause button is enabled only when the ILM evaluation or erasure-coded data decommissioning stages are reached; however, ILM evaluation (data migration) will continue to run in the background.

Before you begin

You are signed in to the Grid Manager using a supported web browser.

You have the Maintenance or Root access permission. Steps

1453

1. Select MAINTENANCE > Tasks > Decommission.

The Decommission page appears.

2. Select Decommission Nodes.

The Decommission Nodes page appears. When the decommission procedure reaches either of the following stages, the Pause button is enabled.

Evaluating ILM ◦ Decommissioning Erasure-Coded Data

3. Select Pause to suspend the procedure.

The current stage is paused, and the Resume button is enabled.

4. After the other maintenance procedure is finished, select Resume to proceed with the decommission.

Troubleshoot node decommissioning

If the node decommission procedure stops because of an error, you can take specific steps to troubleshoot the problem.

Before you begin

You are signed in to the Grid Manager using a supported web browser. About this task

If you shut down the grid node being decommissioned, the task stops until the grid node is restarted. The grid node must be online.

Steps

1. Select SUPPORT > Tools > Grid topology.

2. In the Grid Topology tree, expand each Storage Node entry, and verify that the DDS and LDR services are both online.

To perform Storage Node decommissioning, all nodes and all services need to be healthy at the start of an

1454

online node/site decommissioning.