Enable single sign-on

The StorageGRID system supports single sign-on (SSO) using the Security Assertion Markup Language 2.0 (SAML 2.0) standard. After you configure and enable SSO, all users must be authenticated by an external identity provider before they can access the Grid Manager, the Tenant Manager, the Grid Management API, or the Tenant Management API. Local users can’t sign in to StorageGRID.

Change provisioning passphrase

The provisioning passphrase is required for many installation and maintenance procedures, and for downloading the StorageGRID Recovery Package. The passphrase is also required to download backups of the grid topology information and encryption keys for the StorageGRID system. You can change the passphrase as required. Change node console passwords

Each node in your grid has a unique node console password, which you need to log in to the node as "admin" using SSH, or to the root user on a VM/physical console connection. As needed, you can change the node console password for each node.

Change the provisioning passphrase Enable single sign-on

The StorageGRID system supports single sign-on (SSO) using the Security Assertion Markup Language 2.0 (SAML 2.0) standard. After you configure and enable SSO, all users must be authenticated by an external identity provider before they can access the Grid Manager, the Tenant Manager, the Grid Management API, or the Tenant Management API. Local users can’t sign in to StorageGRID.

Change provisioning passphrase

The provisioning passphrase is required for many installation and maintenance procedures, and for downloading the StorageGRID Recovery Package. The passphrase is also required to download backups of the grid topology information and encryption keys for the StorageGRID system. You can change the passphrase as required. Change node console passwords

Each node in your grid has a unique node console password, which you need to log in to the node as "admin" using SSH, or to the root user on a VM/physical console connection. As needed, you can change the node console password for each node.

Change the provisioning passphrase

Use this procedure to change the StorageGRID provisioning passphrase. The passphrase is required for recovery, expansion, and maintenance procedures. The passphrase is also required to download Recovery Package backups that include the grid topology information, grid node console passwords, and encryption keys for the StorageGRID system.

Before you begin

You are signed in to the Grid Manager using a supported web browser.

You have Maintenance or Root access permissions.

You have the current provisioning passphrase. About this task

The provisioning passphrase is required for many installation and maintenance procedures, and for downloading the Recovery Package. The provisioning passphrase is not listed in the Passwords.txt file. Make sure to document the provisioning passphrase and keep it in a safe and secure location.

308

Steps

1. Select CONFIGURATION > Access control> Grid passwords.

2. Under Change provisioning passphrase, select Make a change

3. Enter your current provisioning passphrase.

4. Enter the new passphrase. The passphrase must contain at least 8 and no more than 32 characters. Passphrases are case-sensitive.

5. Store the new provisioning passphrase in a secure location. It is required for installation, expansion, and maintenance procedures.

6. Re-enter the new passphrase, and select Save.

The system displays a green success banner when the provisioning passphrase change is complete.

7. Select Recovery Package. 8. Enter the new provisioning passphrase to download the new Recovery Package.

After changing the provisioning passphrase, you must immediately download a new Recovery Package. The Recovery Package file allows you to restore the system if a failure occurs.

Change node console passwords

Each node in your grid has a unique node console password, which you need to log in to the node. Use these steps to change each unique node console password for each node in your grid.

Before you begin

You are signed in to the Grid Manager using a supported web browser.

You have the Maintenance or Root access permission.

You have the current provisioning passphrase. About this task

Use the node console password to log in to a node as "admin" using SSH, or to the root user on a VM/physical console connection. The change node console password process creates new passwords for each node in your grid and stores the passwords in an updated Passwords.txt file in the recovery package. The passwords are listed in the Password column in the Passwords.txt file.

There are separate SSH access passwords for the SSH keys used for communication between nodes. The SSH access passwords aren’t changed by this procedure. Access the wizard

Steps

1. Select CONFIGURATION > Access control > Grid passwords.

2. Under Change node console passwords, select Make a change.

309

Enter the provisioning passphrase