For appliance Gateway Nodes or non-primary appliance Admin Nodes, the Install StorageGRID stage pauses and a message appears on the embedded console, prompting you to approve this node on the Admin Node using the Grid Manager.

1653

1654

For appliance primary Admin Nodes, a fifth phase (Load StorageGRID Installer) appears. If the fifth phase is in progress for more than 10 minutes, refresh the page manually.

4. Go to the next step of the recovery process for the type of appliance grid node that you are recovering. Type of recovery

Reference

Gateway Node

Select Start Recovery to configure Gateway Node

Non-primary Admin Node

Select Start Recovery to configure non-primary Admin Node

Primary Admin Node

Configure replacement primary Admin Node

How technical support recovers a site

If an entire StorageGRID site fails or if multiple Storage Nodes fail, you must contact technical support. Technical support will assess your situation, develop a recovery plan, and then recover the failed nodes or site in a way that meets your business objectives, optimizes recovery time, and prevents unnecessary data loss.

Site recovery can only be performed by technical support.

StorageGRID systems are resilient to a wide variety of failures, and you can successfully perform many recovery and maintenance procedures yourself. However, it is difficult to create a simple, generalized site recovery procedure because the detailed steps depend on factors that are specific to your situation. For example: Your business objectives: After the complete loss of a StorageGRID site, you should evaluate how best to meet your business objectives. For example, do you want to rebuild the lost site in-place? Do you want to replace the lost StorageGRID site in a new location? Every customer’s situation is different, and your recovery plan must be designed to address your priorities.

Exact nature of the failure: Before beginning a site recovery, establish if any nodes at the failed site are intact or if any Storage Nodes contain recoverable objects. If you rebuild nodes or storage volumes that contain valid data, unnecessary data loss could occur.

Active ILM policies: The number, type, and location of object copies in your grid is controlled by your active ILM policies. The specifics of your ILM policies can affect the amount of recoverable data, as well as

1655

the specific techniques required for recovery. Site recovery can only be performed by technical support.

StorageGRID systems are resilient to a wide variety of failures, and you can successfully perform many recovery and maintenance procedures yourself. However, it is difficult to create a simple, generalized site recovery procedure because the detailed steps depend on factors that are specific to your situation. For example: Your business objectives: After the complete loss of a StorageGRID site, you should evaluate how best to meet your business objectives. For example, do you want to rebuild the lost site in-place? Do you want to replace the lost StorageGRID site in a new location? Every customer’s situation is different, and your recovery plan must be designed to address your priorities.

Exact nature of the failure: Before beginning a site recovery, establish if any nodes at the failed site are intact or if any Storage Nodes contain recoverable objects. If you rebuild nodes or storage volumes that contain valid data, unnecessary data loss could occur.

Active ILM policies: The number, type, and location of object copies in your grid is controlled by your active ILM policies. The specifics of your ILM policies can affect the amount of recoverable data, as well as

1655

the specific techniques required for recovery.

If a site contains the only copy of an object and the site is lost, the object is lost. Bucket (or container) consistency: The consistency applied to a bucket (or container) affects whether StorageGRID fully replicates object metadata to all nodes and sites before telling a client that object ingest was successful. If the consistency value allows for eventual consistency, some object metadata might have been lost in the site failure. This can affect the amount of recoverable data and potentially the details of the recovery procedure.

History of recent changes: The details of your recovery procedure can be affected by whether any maintenance procedures were in progress at the time of the failure or whether any recent changes were made to your ILM policies. Technical support must assess the recent history of your grid as well as its current situation before beginning a site recovery.

Site recovery can only be performed by technical support.

This is a general overview of the process that technical support uses to recover a failed site: 1. Technical support:

a. Makes a detailed assessment of the failure.

b. Works with you to review your business objectives.

c. Develops a recovery plan tailored for your situation.