4. Copy the downloaded file (.zip) to two safe, secure, and separate locations.

The Recovery Package file must be secured because it contains encryption keys and passwords that can be used to obtain data from the StorageGRID system.

5. Select Run prechecks, and wait for the prechecks to complete.

6. Review the details for each reported precheck and resolve any reported errors. See the StorageGRID software upgrade resolution guide for the StorageGRID 11.8 release. You must resolve all precheck errors before you can upgrade your system. However, you don’t need to address precheck warnings before upgrading.

If you have opened any custom firewall ports, you are notified during the precheck validation. You must contact technical support before proceeding with the upgrade.

7. If you made any configuration changes to resolve the reported issues, select Run prechecks again to get updated results.

If all errors have been resolved, you are prompted to start the upgrade. Start upgrade and upgrade primary Admin Node

When you start the upgrade, the upgrade prechecks are run again, and the primary Admin Node is automatically upgraded. This part of the upgrade can take up to 30 minutes.

You will not be able to access any other Grid Manager pages while the primary Admin Node is being upgraded. Audit logs will also be unavailable. Steps

1. Select Start upgrade.

A warning appears to remind you will temporarily lose access to the Grid Manager.

2. Select OK to acknowledge the warning and start the upgrade.

3. Wait for the upgrade prechecks to be performed and for the primary Admin Node to be upgraded.

263

If any precheck errors are reported, resolve them and select Start upgrade again.

If the grid has another Admin Node that is online and ready, you can use it to monitor the status of the primary Admin Node. As soon as the primary Admin Node is upgraded, you can approve the other grid nodes.

4. As required, select Continue to access the Upgrade other nodes step. Upgrade other nodes

You must upgrade all grid nodes, but you can perform multiple upgrade sessions and customize the upgrade sequence. For example, you might prefer to upgrade the nodes at site A in one session and then upgrade the nodes at site B in a later session. If you choose to perform the upgrade in more than one session, be aware that you can’t start using the new features until all nodes have been upgraded.

If the order in which nodes are upgraded is important, approve nodes or groups of nodes one at a time and wait until the upgrade is complete on each node before approving the next node or group of nodes.

When the upgrade starts on a grid node, the services on that node are stopped. Later, the grid node is rebooted. To avoid service interruptions for client applications that are communicating with the node, don’t approve the upgrade for a node unless you are sure that node is ready to be stopped and rebooted. As required, schedule a maintenance window or notify customers. Steps 263

If any precheck errors are reported, resolve them and select Start upgrade again.

If the grid has another Admin Node that is online and ready, you can use it to monitor the status of the primary Admin Node. As soon as the primary Admin Node is upgraded, you can approve the other grid nodes.

4. As required, select Continue to access the Upgrade other nodes step. Upgrade other nodes

You must upgrade all grid nodes, but you can perform multiple upgrade sessions and customize the upgrade sequence. For example, you might prefer to upgrade the nodes at site A in one session and then upgrade the nodes at site B in a later session. If you choose to perform the upgrade in more than one session, be aware that you can’t start using the new features until all nodes have been upgraded.

If the order in which nodes are upgraded is important, approve nodes or groups of nodes one at a time and wait until the upgrade is complete on each node before approving the next node or group of nodes.

When the upgrade starts on a grid node, the services on that node are stopped. Later, the grid node is rebooted. To avoid service interruptions for client applications that are communicating with the node, don’t approve the upgrade for a node unless you are sure that node is ready to be stopped and rebooted. As required, schedule a maintenance window or notify customers. Steps

1. For the Upgrade other nodes step, review the Summary, which provides the start time for the upgrade as a whole and the status for each major upgrade task.

Start upgrade service is the first upgrade task. During this task, the software file is distributed to the grid nodes, and the upgrade service is started on each node.

When the Start upgrade service task is complete, the Upgrade other grid nodes task starts, and you are prompted to download a new copy of the Recovery Package.

2. When prompted, enter your provisioning passphrase and download a new copy of the Recovery Package.