If you enable CloudMirror replication for an existing bucket, only the new objects added to that bucket are replicated. Any existing objects in the bucket aren’t replicated. To force the replication of existing objects, you can update the existing object’s metadata by performing an object copy. If you are using CloudMirror replication to copy objects to an Amazon S3 destination, be aware that Amazon S3 limits the size of user-defined metadata within each PUT request header to 2 KB. If an object has user-defined metadata greater than 2 KB, that object will not be replicated.

In StorageGRID, you can replicate the objects in a single bucket to multiple destination buckets. To do so, specify the destination for each rule in the replication configuration XML. You can’t replicate an object to more than one bucket at the same time.

828

Additionally, you can configure CloudMirror replication on versioned or unversioned buckets, and you can specify a versioned or unversioned bucket as the destination. You can use any combination of versioned and unversioned buckets. For example, you could specify a versioned bucket as the destination for an unversioned source bucket, or vice versa. You can also replicate between unversioned buckets. Deletion behavior for the CloudMirror replication service is the same as the deletion behavior of the Cross Region Replication (CRR) service provided by Amazon S3 — deleting an object in a source bucket never deletes a replicated object in the destination. If both source and destination buckets are versioned, the delete marker is replicated. If the destination bucket is not versioned, deleting an object in the source bucket does not replicate the delete marker to the destination bucket or delete the destination object.

As objects are replicated to the destination bucket, StorageGRID marks them as "replicas." A destination StorageGRID bucket will not replicate objects marked as replicas again, protecting you from accidental replication loops. This replica marking is internal to StorageGRID and does not prevent you from leveraging AWS CRR when using an Amazon S3 bucket as the destination. The custom header used to mark a replica is x-ntap-sg-replica. This marking prevents a cascading mirror. StorageGRID does support a bidirectional CloudMirror between two grids.

The uniqueness and ordering of events in the destination bucket aren’t guaranteed. More than one identical copy of a source object might be delivered to the destination as a result of operations taken to guarantee delivery success. In rare cases, when the same object is updated simultaneously from two or more different StorageGRID sites, the ordering of operations on the destination bucket might not match the ordering of events on the source bucket.

CloudMirror replication is typically configured to use an external S3 bucket as a destination. However, you can also configure replication to use another StorageGRID deployment or any S3-compatible service. Understand notifications for buckets

You can enable event notification for an S3 bucket if you want StorageGRID to send notifications about specified events to a destination Kafka cluster or Amazon Simple Notification Service. As objects are replicated to the destination bucket, StorageGRID marks them as "replicas." A destination StorageGRID bucket will not replicate objects marked as replicas again, protecting you from accidental replication loops. This replica marking is internal to StorageGRID and does not prevent you from leveraging AWS CRR when using an Amazon S3 bucket as the destination. The custom header used to mark a replica is x-ntap-sg-replica. This marking prevents a cascading mirror. StorageGRID does support a bidirectional CloudMirror between two grids.

The uniqueness and ordering of events in the destination bucket aren’t guaranteed. More than one identical copy of a source object might be delivered to the destination as a result of operations taken to guarantee delivery success. In rare cases, when the same object is updated simultaneously from two or more different StorageGRID sites, the ordering of operations on the destination bucket might not match the ordering of events on the source bucket.

CloudMirror replication is typically configured to use an external S3 bucket as a destination. However, you can also configure replication to use another StorageGRID deployment or any S3-compatible service. Understand notifications for buckets

You can enable event notification for an S3 bucket if you want StorageGRID to send notifications about specified events to a destination Kafka cluster or Amazon Simple Notification Service.

You can configure event notifications by associating notification configuration XML with a source bucket. The notification configuration XML follows S3 conventions for configuring bucket notifications, with the destination Kafka or Amazon SNS topic specified as the URN of an endpoint.