71

Learn how:

Use a tenant account

Use the S3 REST API

Use the Swift REST API

Monitor and troubleshoot

When your system is up and running, you should monitor its activities on a regular basis and troubleshoot and resolve any alerts. You might also want to configure an external syslog server, use SNMP monitoring, or collect additional data. Learn how:

Monitor StorageGRID

Troubleshoot StorageGRID

Expand, maintain, and recover

You can add nodes or sites to expand the capacity or functionality of your system. You can also perform various maintenance procedures to recover from failures or to keep your StorageGRID system up-to-date and performing efficiently. Learn how:

Expand a grid

Maintain your grid

Recover nodes

72

Install, upgrade, and hotfix StorageGRID

StorageGRID appliances

Go to StorageGRID Appliance Documentation to learn how to install, configure, and maintain StorageGRID storage and services appliances.

Install StorageGRID on Red Hat Enterprise Linux

Quick start for installing StorageGRID on Red Hat Enterprise Linux

Follow these high-level steps to install a Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) Linux StorageGRID node. Preparation

Learn about StorageGRID architecture and network topology.

Learn about the specifics of StorageGRID networking.

Gather and prepare the Required information and materials.

Prepare the required CPU and RAM.

Provide for storage and performance requirements.

Prepare the Linux servers that will host your StorageGRID nodes. Deployment

Deploy grid nodes. When you deploy grid nodes, they are created as part of the StorageGRID system and connected to one or more networks.

To deploy software-based grid nodes on the hosts you prepared in step 1, use the Linux command line and node configuration files.

To deploy StorageGRID appliance nodes, follow the Quick start for hardware installation. Configuration

When all nodes have been deployed, use the Grid Manager to configure the grid and complete the installation.

Automate the installation

To save time and provide consistency, you can automate the installation of the StorageGRID host service and the configuration of grid nodes.

Use a standard orchestration framework such as Ansible, Puppet, or Chef to automate:

Installation of RHEL ◦ Configuration of networking and storage

73

◦ Installation of the container engine and the StorageGRID host service ◦ Deployment of virtual grid nodes

See Automate the installation and configuration of the StorageGRID host service.

After you deploy grid nodes, automate the configuration of the StorageGRID system using the Python configuration script provided in the installation archive.

Automate the installation and configuration of appliance grid nodes If you are an advanced developer of StorageGRID deployments, automate the installation of grid nodes by using the installation REST API.

Plan and prepare for installation on Red Hat

Required information and materials

Before you install StorageGRID, gather and prepare the required information and materials.

Required information Network plan

Which networks you intend to attach to each StorageGRID node. StorageGRID supports multiple networks for traffic separation, security, and administrative convenience.

See the StorageGRID Networking guidelines.

Network information

Unless you are using DHCP, IP addresses to assign to each grid node and the IP addresses of the DNS and NTP servers. Servers for grid nodes

Identify a set of servers (physical, virtual, or both) that, in aggregate, provide sufficient resources to support the number and type of StorageGRID nodes you plan to deploy.

If your StorageGRID installation will not use StorageGRID appliance (hardware) Storage Nodes, you must use hardware RAID storage with battery-backed write cache (BBWC). StorageGRID does not support the use of virtual storage area networks (vSANs), software RAID, or no RAID protection.

Node migration (if needed) After you deploy grid nodes, automate the configuration of the StorageGRID system using the Python configuration script provided in the installation archive.

Automate the installation and configuration of appliance grid nodes If you are an advanced developer of StorageGRID deployments, automate the installation of grid nodes by using the installation REST API.

Plan and prepare for installation on Red Hat

Required information and materials

Before you install StorageGRID, gather and prepare the required information and materials.

Required information Network plan

Which networks you intend to attach to each StorageGRID node. StorageGRID supports multiple networks for traffic separation, security, and administrative convenience.

See the StorageGRID Networking guidelines.

Network information

Unless you are using DHCP, IP addresses to assign to each grid node and the IP addresses of the DNS and NTP servers. Servers for grid nodes