2. In Confirm Provisioning Passphrase, reenter the provisioning passphrase to confirm it.

3. In Grid Management Root User Password, enter the password to use to access the Grid Manager as the "root" user. Store the password in a secure place.

4. In Confirm Root User Password, reenter the Grid Manager password to confirm it.

5. If you are installing a grid for proof of concept or demo purposes, optionally clear the Create random command line passwords checkbox.

For production deployments, random passwords should always be used for security reasons. Clear Create

242

random command line passwords only for demo grids if you want to use default passwords to access grid nodes from the command line using the "root" or "admin" account.

You are prompted to download the Recovery Package file (sgws-recovery-package- id-revision.zip) after you click Install on the Summary page. You must download this file to complete the installation. The passwords required to access the system are stored in the Passwords.txt file, contained in the Recovery Package file.

6. Click Next.

Review your configuration and complete installation You must carefully review the configuration information you have entered to ensure that the installation completes successfully.

Steps

1. View the Summary page.

2. Verify that all of the grid configuration information is correct. Use the Modify links on the Summary page to go back and correct any errors.

3. Click Install.

243

If a node is configured to use the Client Network, the default gateway for that node switches from the Grid Network to the Client Network when you click Install. If you lose connectivity, you must ensure that you are accessing the primary Admin Node through an accessible subnet. See Networking guidelines for details.

4. Click Download Recovery Package. When the installation progresses to the point where the grid topology is defined, you are prompted to download the Recovery Package file (.zip), and confirm that you can successfully access the contents of this file. You must download the Recovery Package file so that you can recover the StorageGRID system if one or more grid nodes fail. The installation continues in the background, but you can’t complete the installation and access the StorageGRID system until you download and verify this file.

5. Verify that you can extract the contents of the .zip file, and then save it in two safe, secure, and separate locations.

The Recovery Package file must be secured because it contains encryption keys and passwords that can be used to obtain data from the StorageGRID system.

6. Select the I have successfully downloaded and verified the Recovery Package file checkbox, and click Next. If the installation is still in progress, the status page appears. This page indicates the progress of the installation for each grid node.

When the Complete stage is reached for all grid nodes, the sign-in page for the Grid Manager appears.

7. Sign in to the Grid Manager using the "root" user and the password you specified during the installation. Post-installation guidelines

After completing grid node deployment and configuration, follow these guidelines for DHCP addressing and network configuration changes.

If DHCP was used to assign IP addresses, configure a DHCP reservation for each IP address on the networks being used.

You can only set up DHCP during the deployment phase. You can’t set up DHCP during configuration. 5. Verify that you can extract the contents of the .zip file, and then save it in two safe, secure, and separate locations.

The Recovery Package file must be secured because it contains encryption keys and passwords that can be used to obtain data from the StorageGRID system.

6. Select the I have successfully downloaded and verified the Recovery Package file checkbox, and click Next. If the installation is still in progress, the status page appears. This page indicates the progress of the installation for each grid node.

When the Complete stage is reached for all grid nodes, the sign-in page for the Grid Manager appears.

7. Sign in to the Grid Manager using the "root" user and the password you specified during the installation. Post-installation guidelines

After completing grid node deployment and configuration, follow these guidelines for DHCP addressing and network configuration changes.

If DHCP was used to assign IP addresses, configure a DHCP reservation for each IP address on the networks being used.

You can only set up DHCP during the deployment phase. You can’t set up DHCP during configuration.

Nodes reboot when their IP addresses change, which can cause outages if a DHCP address change affects multiple nodes at the same time.

244

• You must use the Change IP procedures if you want to change IP addresses, subnet masks, and default

gateways for a grid node. See Configure IP addresses.