Use StorageGRID in a hybrid cloud configuration by implementing policy-driven data management to store objects in Cloud Storage Pools, leveraging StorageGRID platform services, and tiering data from ONTAP to StorageGRID with NetApp FabricPool.

6

Cloud Storage Pools Compliant with the relevant storage requirements of these regulations:

Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in 17 CFR § 240.17a-4(f), which regulates exchange members, brokers or dealers.

Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) Rule 4511(c), which defers to the format and media requirements of SEC Rule 17a-4(f).

Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) in regulation 17 CFR § 1.31(c)-(d), which regulates commodity futures trading.

Non-disruptive upgrade and maintenance operations. Maintain access to content during upgrade, expansion, decommission, and maintenance procedures. Federated identity management. Integrates with Active Directory, OpenLDAP, or Oracle Directory Service for user authentication. Supports single sign-on (SSO) using the Security Assertion Markup Language 2.0 (SAML 2.0) standard to exchange authentication and authorization data between StorageGRID and Active Directory Federation Services (AD FS). Hybrid clouds with StorageGRID

Use StorageGRID in a hybrid cloud configuration by implementing policy-driven data management to store objects in Cloud Storage Pools, leveraging StorageGRID platform services, and tiering data from ONTAP to StorageGRID with NetApp FabricPool.

6

Cloud Storage Pools

Cloud Storage Pools allow you to store objects outside of the StorageGRID system. For example, you might want to move infrequently accessed objects to lower-cost cloud storage, such as Amazon S3 Glacier, S3 Glacier Deep Archive, Google Cloud, or the Archive access tier in Microsoft Azure Blob storage. Or, you might want to maintain a cloud backup of StorageGRID objects, which can be used to recover data lost because of a storage volume or Storage Node failure.

Third-party partner storage is also supported, including disk and tape storage.

Using Cloud Storage Pools with FabricPool is not supported because of the added latency to retrieve an object from the Cloud Storage Pool target. S3 platform services

S3 platform services give you the ability to use remote services as endpoints for object replication, event notifications, or search integration. Platform services operate independently of the grid’s ILM rules, and are enabled for individual S3 buckets. The following services are supported:

The CloudMirror replication service automatically mirrors specified objects to a target S3 bucket, which can be on Amazon S3 or a second StorageGRID system.

The Event notification service sends messages about specified actions to an external endpoint that supports receiving Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) events.

The search integration service sends object metadata to an external Elasticsearch service, allowing metadata to be searched, visualized, and analyzed using third party tools.

For example, you might use CloudMirror replication to mirror specific customer records into Amazon S3 and then leverage AWS services to perform analytics on your data. ONTAP data tiering using FabricPool

You can reduce the cost of ONTAP storage by tiering data to StorageGRID using FabricPool. FabricPool enables automated tiering of data to low-cost object storage tiers, either on or off premises.

Unlike manual tiering solutions, FabricPool reduces total cost of ownership by automating the tiering of data to lower the cost of storage. It delivers the benefits of cloud economics by tiering to public and private clouds including StorageGRID.

Related information

What is Cloud Storage Pool?

Manage platform services

Configure StorageGRID for FabricPool StorageGRID architecture and network topology

A StorageGRID system consists of multiple types of grid nodes at one or more data center sites.

See the descriptions of grid node types.

For additional information about StorageGRID network topology, requirements, and grid communications, see the Networking guidelines.

7

Deployment topologies

The StorageGRID system can be deployed to a single data center site or to multiple data center sites. Single site

In a deployment with a single site, the infrastructure and operations of the StorageGRID system are centralized.

Multiple sites

In a deployment with multiple sites, different types and numbers of StorageGRID resources can be installed at each site. For example, more storage might be required at one data center than at another.

Different sites are often located in geographically different locations across different failure domains, such as an earthquake fault line or flood plain. Data sharing and disaster recovery are achieved by automated distribution of data to other sites.

8