You must understand the storage requirements for StorageGRID nodes, so you can provide enough space to support the initial configuration and future storage expansion.

StorageGRID nodes require three logical categories of storage:

Container pool — Performance-tier (10K SAS or SSD) storage for the node containers, which will be assigned to the Docker storage driver when you install and configure Docker on the hosts that will support your StorageGRID nodes.

System data — Performance-tier (10K SAS or SSD) storage for per-node persistent storage of system data and transaction logs, which the StorageGRID host services will consume and map into individual nodes.

Object data — Performance-tier (10K SAS or SSD) storage and capacity-tier (NL-SAS/SATA) bulk storage for the persistent storage of object data and object metadata. You must use RAID-backed block devices for all storage categories. Non-redundant disks, SSDs, or JBODs aren’t supported. You can use shared or local RAID storage for any of the storage categories; however, if you want to use the node migration capability in StorageGRID, you must store both system data and object data on shared storage. For more information, see Node container migration requirements.

143

Performance requirements

The performance of the volumes used for the container pool, system data, and object metadata significantly impacts the overall performance of the system. You should use performance-tier (10K SAS or SSD) storage for these volumes to ensure adequate disk performance in terms of latency, input/output operations per second (IOPS), and throughput. You can use capacity-tier (NL-SAS/SATA) storage for the persistent storage of object data. The volumes used for the container pool, system data, and object data must have write-back caching enabled. The cache must be on a protected or persistent media.

Requirements for hosts that use NetApp ONTAP storage

If the StorageGRID node uses storage assigned from a NetApp ONTAP system, confirm that the volume does not have a FabricPool tiering policy enabled. Disabling FabricPool tiering for volumes used with StorageGRID nodes simplifies troubleshooting and storage operations.

Never use FabricPool to tier any data related to StorageGRID back to StorageGRID itself. Tiering StorageGRID data back to StorageGRID increases troubleshooting and operational complexity.

Number of hosts required 143

Performance requirements

The performance of the volumes used for the container pool, system data, and object metadata significantly impacts the overall performance of the system. You should use performance-tier (10K SAS or SSD) storage for these volumes to ensure adequate disk performance in terms of latency, input/output operations per second (IOPS), and throughput. You can use capacity-tier (NL-SAS/SATA) storage for the persistent storage of object data. The volumes used for the container pool, system data, and object data must have write-back caching enabled. The cache must be on a protected or persistent media.

Requirements for hosts that use NetApp ONTAP storage

If the StorageGRID node uses storage assigned from a NetApp ONTAP system, confirm that the volume does not have a FabricPool tiering policy enabled. Disabling FabricPool tiering for volumes used with StorageGRID nodes simplifies troubleshooting and storage operations.

Never use FabricPool to tier any data related to StorageGRID back to StorageGRID itself. Tiering StorageGRID data back to StorageGRID increases troubleshooting and operational complexity.

Number of hosts required

Each StorageGRID site requires a minimum of three Storage Nodes.

In a production deployment, don’t run more than one Storage Node on a single physical or virtual host. Using a dedicated host for each Storage Node provides an isolated failure domain. Other types of nodes, such as Admin Nodes or Gateway Nodes, can be deployed on the same hosts, or they can be deployed on their own dedicated hosts as required.

Number of storage volumes for each host

The following table shows the number of storage volumes (LUNs) required for each host and the minimum size required for each LUN, based on which nodes will be deployed on that host.

The maximum tested LUN size is 39 TB.

These numbers are for each host, not for the entire grid. LUN purpose

Storage category

Number of LUNs

Minimum size/LUN

Container engine storage pool

Container pool

1

Total number of nodes × 100 GB

/var/local volume

System data

1 for each node on this host

90 GB

144

LUN purpose

Storage category

Number of LUNs

Minimum size/LUN

Storage Node

Object data 3 for each Storage Node on this host

Note: A software-based Storage Node can have 1 to 16 storage volumes; at least 3 storage volumes are recommended.

12 TB (4 TB/LUN) See Storage requirements for Storage Nodes for more information.

Storage Node (metadata- only)

Object metadata

1

4 TB See Storage requirements for Storage Nodes for more information.