You must use the federated identity source to delete federated users. Steps

1. Select ACCESS MANAGEMENT > Users.

2. Select the checkbox for each user you want to delete.

3. Select Actions > Delete user or Actions > Delete users.

A confirmation dialog box appears.

4. Select Delete user or Delete users.

Manage S3 access keys Manage S3 access keys: Overview

Each user of an S3 tenant account must have an access key to store and retrieve objects in the StorageGRID system. An access key consists of an access key ID and a secret access key.

S3 access keys can be managed as follows:

Users who have the Manage your own S3 credentials permission can create or remove their own S3 access keys.

800

Users who have the Root access permission can manage the access keys for the S3 root account and all other users. Root access keys provide full access to all buckets and objects for the tenant unless explicitly disabled by a bucket policy.

StorageGRID supports Signature Version 2 and Signature Version 4 authentication. Cross-account access is not permitted unless explicitly enabled by a bucket policy.

Create your own S3 access keys

If you are using an S3 tenant and you have the appropriate permission, you can create your own S3 access keys. You must have an access key to access your buckets and objects. Before you begin

You are signed in to the Tenant Manager using a supported web browser.

You belong to a user group that has the Manage your own S3 credentials or Root access permission. About this task

You can create one or more S3 access keys that allow you to create and manage buckets for your tenant account. After you create a new access key, update the application with your new access key ID and secret access key. For security, don’t create more keys than you need, and delete the keys you aren’t using. If you have only one key and it is about to expire, create a new key before the old one expires, and then delete the old one.

Each key can have a specific expiration time or no expiration. Follow these guidelines for expiration time:

Set an expiration time for your keys to limit your access to a certain time period. Setting a short expiration time can help reduce your risk if your access key ID and secret access key are accidentally exposed. Expired keys are removed automatically. If the security risk in your environment is low and you don’t need to periodically create new keys, you don’t have to set an expiration time for your keys. If you decide later to create new keys, delete the old keys manually. You are signed in to the Tenant Manager using a supported web browser.

You belong to a user group that has the Manage your own S3 credentials or Root access permission. About this task

You can create one or more S3 access keys that allow you to create and manage buckets for your tenant account. After you create a new access key, update the application with your new access key ID and secret access key. For security, don’t create more keys than you need, and delete the keys you aren’t using. If you have only one key and it is about to expire, create a new key before the old one expires, and then delete the old one.

Each key can have a specific expiration time or no expiration. Follow these guidelines for expiration time:

Set an expiration time for your keys to limit your access to a certain time period. Setting a short expiration time can help reduce your risk if your access key ID and secret access key are accidentally exposed. Expired keys are removed automatically. If the security risk in your environment is low and you don’t need to periodically create new keys, you don’t have to set an expiration time for your keys. If you decide later to create new keys, delete the old keys manually.

The S3 buckets and objects belonging to your account can be accessed using the access key ID and secret access key displayed for your account in the Tenant Manager. For this reason, protect access keys as you would a password. Rotate access keys on a regular basis, remove any unused keys from your account, and never share them with other users. Steps

1. Select STORAGE (S3) > My access keys.

The My access keys page appears and lists any existing access keys.

2. Select Create key.

3. Do one of the following:

Select Do not set an expiration time to create a key that will not expire. (Default) ◦ Select Set an expiration time, and set the expiration date and time.

The expiration date can be a maximum of five years from the current date. The expiration time can be a minimum of one minute from the current time.

801

4. Select Create access key.

The Download access key dialog box appears, listing your access key ID and secret access key.

5. Copy the access key ID and the secret access key to a safe location, or select Download .csv to save a spreadsheet file containing the access key ID and secret access key.