After you save your configuration, port 22 and SSH service will be available to hosts on the privileged address list. All other hosts will be denied access to the service no matter what interface the request comes from. Example 4: Disable access to unused services

At a network level, you could disable some services that you don’t intend to use. For example if you will not provide Swift access, you would perform the following general steps:

1. Use the toggle on the Manage external access tab to block port 18083.

2. Use the toggle on the Manage external access tab to block port 18085.

After you save your configuration, the Storage Node no longer allows Swift connectivity, but continues to allow access to other services on unblocked ports. Untrusted Client Networks tab

If you are using a Client Network, you can help secure StorageGRID from hostile attacks by accepting inbound client traffic only on explicitly configured endpoints.

By default, the Client Network on each grid node is trusted. That is, by default, StorageGRID trusts inbound connections to each grid node on all available external ports.

You can reduce the threat of hostile attacks on your StorageGRID system by specifying that the Client Network on each node be untrusted. If a node’s Client Network is untrusted, the node only accepts inbound connections on ports explicitly configured as load balancer endpoints. See Configure load balancer endpoints and Configure firewall controls.

449

Example 1: Gateway Node only accepts HTTPS S3 requests

Suppose you want a Gateway Node to refuse all inbound traffic on the Client Network except for HTTPS S3 requests. You would perform these general steps: 1. From the Load balancer endpoints page, configure a load balancer endpoint for S3 over HTTPS on port 443.

2. From the Firewall control page, select Untrusted to specify that the Client Network on the Gateway Node is untrusted.

After you save your configuration, all inbound traffic on the Gateway Node’s Client Network is dropped except for HTTPS S3 requests on port 443 and ICMP echo (ping) requests.

Example 2: Storage Node sends S3 platform services requests

Suppose you want to enable outbound S3 platform services traffic from a Storage Node, but you want to prevent any inbound connections to that Storage Node on the Client Network. You would perform this general step:

From the Untrusted Client Networks tab of the Firewall control page, indicate that the Client Network on the Storage Node is untrusted. After you save your configuration, the Storage Node no longer accepts any incoming traffic on the Client Network, but it continues to allow outbound requests to configured platform services destinations.

Example 3: Limiting access to Grid Manager to a subnet

Suppose you want to allow Grid Manager access only on a specific subnet. You would perform the following steps:

1. Attach the Client Network of your Admin Nodes to the subnet.

2. Use the Untrusted Client Network tab to configure the Client Network as untrusted. 2. From the Firewall control page, select Untrusted to specify that the Client Network on the Gateway Node is untrusted.

After you save your configuration, all inbound traffic on the Gateway Node’s Client Network is dropped except for HTTPS S3 requests on port 443 and ICMP echo (ping) requests.

Example 2: Storage Node sends S3 platform services requests

Suppose you want to enable outbound S3 platform services traffic from a Storage Node, but you want to prevent any inbound connections to that Storage Node on the Client Network. You would perform this general step:

From the Untrusted Client Networks tab of the Firewall control page, indicate that the Client Network on the Storage Node is untrusted. After you save your configuration, the Storage Node no longer accepts any incoming traffic on the Client Network, but it continues to allow outbound requests to configured platform services destinations.

Example 3: Limiting access to Grid Manager to a subnet

Suppose you want to allow Grid Manager access only on a specific subnet. You would perform the following steps:

1. Attach the Client Network of your Admin Nodes to the subnet.

2. Use the Untrusted Client Network tab to configure the Client Network as untrusted.

3. When you create a management interface load balancer endpoint, enter port and select the management interface that the port will access.

4. Select Yes for Untrusted Client Network.

5. Use the Manage external access tab to block all external ports (with or without privileged IP addresses set for hosts outside that subnet).

After you save your configuration, only hosts on the subnet you specified can access the Grid Manager. All other hosts are are blocked. Configure internal firewall

You can configure the StorageGRID firewall to control network access to specific ports on your StorageGRID nodes.

Before you begin

You are signed in to the Grid Manager using a supported web browser.