The space available on the root disk is low.

Low system data capacity

The space available for /var/local is low. If this condition is not addressed, S3 or Swift operations might fail.

Low tmp directory free space

The space available in the /tmp directory is low.

Node or node network alerts Alert name

Description

Admin Network receive usage Low memory or low space alerts Alert name

Description

Low audit log disk capacity

The space available for audit logs is low. If this condition is not addressed, S3 or Swift operations might fail.

Low available node memory

The amount of RAM available on a node is low.

Low free space for storage pool

The space available for storing object data in the Storage Node is low.

Low installed node memory

The amount of installed memory on a node is low.

1110

Alert name

Description Low metadata storage

The space available for storing object metadata is low.

Low metrics disk capacity

The space available for the metrics database is low.

Low object data storage

The space available for storing object data is low.

Low read-only watermark override

The Storage Volume Soft Read-Only Watermark Override is less than the minimum optimized watermark for a Storage Node. Low root disk capacity

The space available on the root disk is low.

Low system data capacity

The space available for /var/local is low. If this condition is not addressed, S3 or Swift operations might fail.

Low tmp directory free space

The space available in the /tmp directory is low.

Node or node network alerts Alert name

Description

Admin Network receive usage

The receive usage on the Admin Network is high.

Admin Network transmit usage

The transmit usage on the Admin Network is high.

Firewall configuration failure

Failed to apply firewall configuration.

Management interface endpoints in fallback mode

All management interface endpoints have been falling back to the default ports for too long. Node network connectivity error

Errors have occurred while transferring data between nodes.

Node network reception frame error A high percentage of the network frames received by a node had errors. Node not in sync with NTP server

The node is not in sync with the network time protocol (NTP) server.

Node not locked with NTP server

The node is not locked to a network time protocol (NTP) server.

Non-appliance node network down One or more network devices are down or disconnected.

Services appliance link down on Admin Network

The appliance interface to the Admin Network (eth1) is down or disconnected.

Services appliance link down on Admin Network port 1

The Admin Network port 1 on the appliance is down or disconnected.

1111

Alert name

Description

Services appliance link down on Client Network

The appliance interface to the Client Network (eth2) is down or disconnected.

Services appliance link down on network port 1

Network port 1 on the appliance is down or disconnected.

Services appliance link down on network port 2

Network port 2 on the appliance is down or disconnected.

Services appliance link down on network port 3 Network port 3 on the appliance is down or disconnected.

Services appliance link down on network port 4

Network port 4 on the appliance is down or disconnected.

Storage appliance link down on Admin Network

The appliance interface to the Admin Network (eth1) is down or disconnected.

Storage appliance link down on Admin Network port 1

The Admin Network port 1 on the appliance is down or disconnected.

Storage appliance link down on Client Network

The appliance interface to the Client Network (eth2) is down or disconnected.

Storage appliance link down on network port 1

Network port 1 on the appliance is down or disconnected.

Storage appliance link down on network port 2

Network port 2 on the appliance is down or disconnected.

Storage appliance link down on network port 3

Network port 3 on the appliance is down or disconnected.

Storage appliance link down on network port 4

Network port 4 on the appliance is down or disconnected. Storage Node not in desired storage state

The LDR service on a Storage Node cannot transition to the desired state because of an internal error or volume related issue

TCP connection usage

The number of TCP connections on this node is approaching the maximum number that can be tracked.

Unable to communicate with node One or more services are unresponsive, or the node cannot be reached.

Unexpected node reboot

A node rebooted unexpectedly within the last 24 hours.

1112

Object alerts Alert name

Description

Object existence check failed

The object existence check job has failed.

Object existence check stalled

The object existence check job has stalled.

Objects lost

One or more objects have been lost from the grid. The Admin Network port 1 on the appliance is down or disconnected.

Storage appliance link down on Client Network

The appliance interface to the Client Network (eth2) is down or disconnected.