5. Select Save changes.

Use S3 Object Lock to retain objects

You can use S3 Object Lock if buckets and objects must comply with regulatory requirements for retention.

814

What is S3 Object Lock?

The StorageGRID S3 Object Lock feature is an object-protection solution that is equivalent to S3 Object Lock in Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3).

As shown in the figure, when the global S3 Object Lock setting is enabled for a StorageGRID system, an S3 tenant account can create buckets with or without S3 Object Lock enabled. If a bucket has S3 Object Lock enabled, bucket versioning is required and is enabled automatically.

If a bucket has S3 Object Lock enabled, S3 client applications can optionally specify retention settings for any object version saved to that bucket. In addition, a bucket that has S3 Object Lock enabled can optionally have a default retention mode and retention period. The default settings apply only to objects that are added to the bucket without their own retention settings. Retention modes

The StorageGRID S3 Object Lock feature supports two retention modes to apply different levels of protection to objects. These modes are equivalent to the Amazon S3 retention modes.

In compliance mode:

The object can’t be deleted until its retain-until-date is reached. ◦ The object’s retain-until-date can be increased, but it can’t be decreased. ◦ The object’s retain-until-date can’t be removed until that date is reached.

In governance mode:

Users with special permission can use a bypass header in requests to modify certain retention settings. ◦ These users can delete an object version before its retain-until-date is reached. ◦ These users can increase, decrease, or remove an object’s retain-until-date.

815

Retention settings for object versions If a bucket has S3 Object Lock enabled, S3 client applications can optionally specify retention settings for any object version saved to that bucket. In addition, a bucket that has S3 Object Lock enabled can optionally have a default retention mode and retention period. The default settings apply only to objects that are added to the bucket without their own retention settings. Retention modes

The StorageGRID S3 Object Lock feature supports two retention modes to apply different levels of protection to objects. These modes are equivalent to the Amazon S3 retention modes.

In compliance mode:

The object can’t be deleted until its retain-until-date is reached. ◦ The object’s retain-until-date can be increased, but it can’t be decreased. ◦ The object’s retain-until-date can’t be removed until that date is reached.

In governance mode:

Users with special permission can use a bypass header in requests to modify certain retention settings. ◦ These users can delete an object version before its retain-until-date is reached. ◦ These users can increase, decrease, or remove an object’s retain-until-date.

815

Retention settings for object versions

If a bucket is created with S3 Object Lock enabled, users can use the S3 client application to optionally specify the following retention settings for each object that is added to the bucket: Retention mode: Either compliance or governance.

Retain-until-date: If an object version’s retain-until-date is in the future, the object can be retrieved, but it can’t be deleted.

Legal hold: Applying a legal hold to an object version immediately locks that object. For example, you might need to put a legal hold on an object that is related to an investigation or legal dispute. A legal hold has no expiration date, but remains in place until it is explicitly removed. Legal holds are independent of the retain-until-date.

If an object is under a legal hold, no one can delete the object, regardless of its retention mode.

For details on the object settings, see Use S3 REST API to configure S3 Object Lock.

Default retention setting for buckets

If a bucket is created with S3 Object Lock enabled, users can optionally specify the following default settings for the bucket:

Default retention mode: Either compliance or governance. Default retention period: How long new object versions added to this bucket should be retained, starting from the day they are added.

The default bucket settings apply only to new objects that don’t have their own retention settings. Existing bucket objects aren’t affected when you add or change these default settings.

See Create an S3 bucket and Update S3 Object Lock default retention. S3 Object Lock workflow

The workflow diagram shows the high-level steps for using the S3 Object Lock feature in StorageGRID.