Trap and inform notifications are sent when a default or custom alert is triggered at any severity level. To suppress SNMP notifications for an alert, you must configure a silence for the alert. See Silence alert notifications. You can use the CONFIGURATION > Monitoring > SNMP agent option in the Grid Manager or the SNMP endpoints for the Grid Management API to enable and configure the StorageGRID SNMP agent. The SNMP agent supports all three versions of the SNMP protocol.

To learn how to configure the SNMP agent, see Use SNMP monitoring.

After you configure the StorageGRID SNMP agent, two types of event-driven notifications can be sent:

Traps are notifications sent by the SNMP agent that don’t require acknowledgment by the management system. Traps serve to notify the management system that something has happened within StorageGRID, such as an alert being triggered. Traps are supported in all three versions of SNMP. Informs are similar to traps, but they require acknowledgment by the management system. If the SNMP agent does not receive an acknowledgment within a certain amount of time, it resends the inform until an acknowledgment is received or the maximum retry value has been reached. Informs are supported in SNMPv2c and SNMPv3.

Trap and inform notifications are sent when a default or custom alert is triggered at any severity level. To suppress SNMP notifications for an alert, you must configure a silence for the alert. See Silence alert notifications.

If your StorageGRID deployment includes multiple Admin Nodes, the primary Admin Node is the preferred sender for alert notifications, AutoSupport packages, SNMP traps and informs, and legacy alarm notifications. If the primary Admin Node becomes unavailable, notifications are temporarily sent by other Admin Nodes. See What is an Admin Node?.

1093

Set up email notifications for alerts If you want email notifications to be sent when alerts occur, you must provide information about your SMTP server. You must also enter email addresses for the recipients of alert notifications.

Before you begin

You are signed in to the Grid Manager using a supported web browser.

You have the Manage alerts or Root access permission. About this task

Because alarms and alerts are independent systems, the email setup used for alert notifications is not used for alarm notifications and AutoSupport packages. However, you can use the same email server for all notifications.

If your StorageGRID deployment includes multiple Admin Nodes, the primary Admin Node is the preferred sender for alert notifications, AutoSupport packages, SNMP traps and informs, and legacy alarm notifications. If the primary Admin Node becomes unavailable, notifications are temporarily sent by other Admin Nodes. See What is an Admin Node?. Steps

1. Select ALERTS > Email setup.

The Email Setup page appears.

2. Select the Enable Email Notifications checkbox to indicate that you want notification emails to be sent when alerts reach configured thresholds.

The Email (SMTP) Server, Transport Layer Security (TLS), Email Addresses, and Filters sections appear.

3. In the Email (SMTP) Server section, enter the information StorageGRID needs to access your SMTP server.

If your SMTP server requires authentication, you must provide both a username and a password. Field

Enter

Mail Server

The fully qualified domain name (FQDN) or IP address of the SMTP server.

1094

Field

Enter

Port

The port used to access the SMTP server. Must be between 1 and 65535.

Username (optional)

If your SMTP server requires authentication, enter the username to authenticate with. Password (optional)

If your SMTP server requires authentication, enter the password to authenticate with.

4. In the Email Addresses section, enter email addresses for the sender and for each recipient.

a. For the Sender Email Address, specify a valid email address to use as the From address for alert notifications.

For example: storagegrid-alerts@example.com

b. In the Recipients section, enter an email address for each email list or person who should receive an

email when an alert occurs.

Select the plus icon

to add recipients.

5. If Transport Layer Security (TLS) is required for communications with the SMTP server, select Require TLS in the Transport Layer Security (TLS) section.

a. In the CA Certificate field, provide the CA certificate that will be used to verify the identify of the SMTP server.

You can copy and paste the contents into this field, or select Browse and select the file.

You must provide a single file that contains the certificates from each intermediate issuing certificate

1095 1094

Field

Enter

Port

The port used to access the SMTP server. Must be between 1 and 65535.

Username (optional)

If your SMTP server requires authentication, enter the username to authenticate with. Password (optional)

If your SMTP server requires authentication, enter the password to authenticate with.