32

Example ILM rule

As an example, an ILM rule could specify the following:

Apply only to the objects belonging to Tenant A.

Make two replicated copies of those objects and store each copy at a different site.

Retain the two copies "forever," which means that StorageGRID will not automatically delete them. Instead, StorageGRID will retain these objects until they are deleted by a client delete request or by the expiration of a bucket lifecycle.

Use the Balanced option for ingest behavior: the two-site placement instruction is applied as soon as Tenant A saves an object to StorageGRID, unless it is not possible to immediately make both required copies. For example, if Site 2 is unreachable when Tenant A saves an object, StorageGRID will make two interim copies on Storage Nodes at Site 1. As soon as Site 2 becomes available, StorageGRID will make the required copy at that site.

How an ILM policy evaluates objects

The active ILM policies for your StorageGRID system control the placement, duration, and ingest behavior of all objects.

When clients save objects to StorageGRID, the objects are evaluated against the ordered set of ILM rules in the active policy, as follows:

1. If the filters for the first rule in the policy match an object, the object is ingested according to that rule’s ingest behavior and stored according to that rule’s placement instructions. Apply only to the objects belonging to Tenant A.

Make two replicated copies of those objects and store each copy at a different site.

Retain the two copies "forever," which means that StorageGRID will not automatically delete them. Instead, StorageGRID will retain these objects until they are deleted by a client delete request or by the expiration of a bucket lifecycle.

Use the Balanced option for ingest behavior: the two-site placement instruction is applied as soon as Tenant A saves an object to StorageGRID, unless it is not possible to immediately make both required copies. For example, if Site 2 is unreachable when Tenant A saves an object, StorageGRID will make two interim copies on Storage Nodes at Site 1. As soon as Site 2 becomes available, StorageGRID will make the required copy at that site.

How an ILM policy evaluates objects

The active ILM policies for your StorageGRID system control the placement, duration, and ingest behavior of all objects.

When clients save objects to StorageGRID, the objects are evaluated against the ordered set of ILM rules in the active policy, as follows:

1. If the filters for the first rule in the policy match an object, the object is ingested according to that rule’s ingest behavior and stored according to that rule’s placement instructions.

2. If the filters for the first rule don’t match the object, the object is evaluated against each subsequent rule in the policy until a match is made. 3. If no rules match an object, the ingest behavior and placement instructions for the default rule in the policy are applied. The default rule is the last rule in a policy and can’t use any filters. It must apply to all tenants, all buckets, and all object versions. Example ILM policy

As an example, an ILM policy could contain three ILM rules that specify the following:

Rule 1: Replicated copies for Tenant A

Match all objects belonging to Tenant A. ◦ Store these objects as three replicated copies at three sites. ◦ Objects belonging to other tenants aren’t matched by Rule 1, so they are evaluated against Rule 2.

Rule 2: Erasure coding for objects greater than 1 MB

Match all objects from other tenants, but only if they are greater than 1 MB. These larger objects are stored using 6+3 erasure coding at three sites.

Does not match objects 1 MB or smaller, so these objects are evaluated against Rule 3.

Rule 3: 2 copies 2 data centers (default)

Is the last and default rule in the policy. Does not use filters. ◦ Make two replicated copies of all objects not matched by Rule 1 or Rule 2 (objects not belonging to

33

Tenant A that are 1 MB or smaller).

Related information

Manage objects with ILM Explore StorageGRID

Explore the Grid Manager

The Grid Manager is the browser-based graphical interface that allows you to configure, manage, and monitor your StorageGRID system.

The Grid Manager is updated with each release and might not match the example screenshots on this page.

When you sign in to the Grid Manager, you are connecting to an Admin Node. Each StorageGRID system includes one primary Admin Node and any number of non-primary Admin Nodes. You can connect to any Admin Node, and each Admin Node displays a similar view of the StorageGRID system.

You can access the Grid Manager using a supported web browser. Grid Manager dashboard

When you first sign in to the Grid Manager, you can use the dashboard to monitor system activities at a glance.