SYST

Node Stopping: A service initiated a graceful stop.

SYST: Node Stopping

SYSU

Node Start: A service started; the nature of the previous shutdown is indicated in the message. SYSU: Node Start

Object storage audit messages

The audit messages belonging to the object storage audit category are used for events related to the storage and management of objects within the StorageGRID system. These include object storage and retrievals, grid-node to grid-node transfers, and verifications. Code

Description

See

APCT

Archive Purge from Cloud-Tier: Archived object data is deleted from an external archival storage system, which connects to the StorageGRID through the S3 API.

APCT: Archive Purge from Cloud-Tier

ARCB SADE

Security Audit Enable: Audit message logging has been restored.

SADE: Security Audit Enable

1336

Code

Message title and description

See

SVRF

Object Store Verify Fail: A content block failed verification checks. SVRF: Object Store Verify Fail

SVRU

Object Store Verify Unknown: Unexpected object data detected in the object store.

SVRU: Object Store Verify Unknown

SYSD

Node Stop: A shutdown was requested.

SYSD: Node Stop

SYST

Node Stopping: A service initiated a graceful stop.

SYST: Node Stopping

SYSU

Node Start: A service started; the nature of the previous shutdown is indicated in the message. SYSU: Node Start

Object storage audit messages

The audit messages belonging to the object storage audit category are used for events related to the storage and management of objects within the StorageGRID system. These include object storage and retrievals, grid-node to grid-node transfers, and verifications. Code

Description

See

APCT

Archive Purge from Cloud-Tier: Archived object data is deleted from an external archival storage system, which connects to the StorageGRID through the S3 API.

APCT: Archive Purge from Cloud-Tier

ARCB

Archive Object Retrieve Begin: The ARC service begins the retrieval of object data from the external archival storage system. ARCB: Archive Object Retrieve Begin

ARCE

Archive Object Retrieve End: Object data has been retrieved from an external archival storage system, and the ARC service reports the status of the retrieval operation.

ARCE: Archive Object Retrieve End

ARCT

Archive Retrieve from Cloud-Tier: Archived object data is retrieved from an external archival storage system, which connects to the StorageGRID through the S3 API. ARCT: Archive Retrieve from Cloud-Tier

AREM

Archive Object Remove: A content block was successfully or unsuccessfully deleted from the external archival storage system.

AREM: Archive Object Remove

1337

Code

ASCE

ASCT

ATCE

AVCC

BROR

CBSE

CBRE

CGRR

EBDL

EBKR

SCMT SREM

1338

Description

Archive Object Store End: A content block has been written to the external archival storage system, and the ARC service reports the status of the write operation.

Archive Store Cloud-Tier: Object data is stored to an external archival storage system, which connects to the StorageGRID through the S3 API.

Archive Object Store Begin: Writing a content block to an external archival storage has started.

Archive Validate Cloud-Tier Configuration: The account and bucket settings provided were successfully or unsuccessfully validated.

Bucket Read Only Request: A bucket entered or exited read-only mode.

Object Send End: The source entity completed a grid- node to grid-node data transfer operation.

Object Receive End: The destination entity completed a grid-node to grid-node data transfer operation.

Cross-Grid Replication Request: StorageGRID attempted a cross-grid replication operation to replicate objects between buckets in a grid federation connection. Empty Bucket Delete: The ILM scanner deleted an object in a bucket that is deleting all objects (performing an empty bucket operation).

Empty Bucket Request: A user sent a request to turn empty bucket on or off (that is, to delete bucket objects or to stop deleting objects).

Object Store Commit: A content block was completely stored and verified, and can now be requested.

Object Store Remove: A content block was deleted from a grid node, and can no longer be requested directly.

See ASCE: Archive Object Store End

ASCT: Archive Store Cloud-Tier

ATCE: Archive Object Store Begin

AVCC: Archive Validate Cloud-Tier Configuration

BROR: Bucket Read Only Request

CBSE: Object Send End

CBRE: Object Receive End

CGRR: Cross-Grid Replication Request

EBDL: Empty Bucket Delete

EBKR: Empty Bucket Request SCMT: Object Store Commit Request

SREM: Object Store Remove

Client read audit messages

Client read audit messages are logged when an S3 or Swift client application makes a request to retrieve an object.

Code

Description

Used by

See