You must have the Manage alerts or Root access permission to silence an alert rule.

Be careful when deciding to silence an alert rule. If an alert rule is silenced, you might not detect an underlying problem until it prevents a critical operation from completing.

9. To view the current conditions for the alert rule: a. From the alert details, select View conditions.

A pop-up appears, listing the Prometheus expression for each defined severity.

b. To close the pop-up, click anywhere outside of the pop-up.

10. Optionally, select Edit rule to edit the alert rule that caused this alert to be triggered.

You must have the Manage alerts or Root access permission to edit an alert rule.

Be careful when deciding to edit an alert rule. If you change trigger values, you might not detect an underlying problem until it prevents a critical operation from completing.

11. To close the alert details, select Close. Monitor storage capacity

Monitor the total usable space available to ensure that the StorageGRID system does not run out of storage space for objects or for object metadata.

StorageGRID stores object data and object metadata separately, and reserves a specific amount of space for a distributed Cassandra database that contains object metadata. Monitor the total amount of space consumed for objects and for object metadata, as well as trends in the amount of space consumed for each. This will enable you to plan ahead for the addition of nodes and avoid any service outages.

You can view storage capacity information for the entire grid, for each site, and for each Storage Node in your StorageGRID system. Monitor storage capacity for the entire grid

Monitor the overall storage capacity for your grid to ensure that adequate free space remains for object data and object metadata. Understanding how storage capacity changes over time can help you plan to add Storage Nodes or storage volumes before the grid’s usable storage capacity is consumed.

The Grid Manager dashboard lets you quickly assess how much storage is available for the entire grid and for each data center. The Nodes page provides more detailed values for object data and object metadata.

1055

Steps

1. Assess how much storage is available for the entire grid and for each data center. a. Select Dashboard > Overview. 11. To close the alert details, select Close. Monitor storage capacity

Monitor the total usable space available to ensure that the StorageGRID system does not run out of storage space for objects or for object metadata.

StorageGRID stores object data and object metadata separately, and reserves a specific amount of space for a distributed Cassandra database that contains object metadata. Monitor the total amount of space consumed for objects and for object metadata, as well as trends in the amount of space consumed for each. This will enable you to plan ahead for the addition of nodes and avoid any service outages.

You can view storage capacity information for the entire grid, for each site, and for each Storage Node in your StorageGRID system. Monitor storage capacity for the entire grid

Monitor the overall storage capacity for your grid to ensure that adequate free space remains for object data and object metadata. Understanding how storage capacity changes over time can help you plan to add Storage Nodes or storage volumes before the grid’s usable storage capacity is consumed.

The Grid Manager dashboard lets you quickly assess how much storage is available for the entire grid and for each data center. The Nodes page provides more detailed values for object data and object metadata.

1055

Steps

1. Assess how much storage is available for the entire grid and for each data center. a. Select Dashboard > Overview.

b. Note the values on the Data space usage breakdown and the Metadata allowed space usage

breakdown cards. Each card lists a percentage of storage usage, the capacity of used space, and the total space available or allowed by site.

The summary does not include archival media.

c. Note the chart on the Storage over time card. Use the time period drop-down to help you determine

how quickly storage is consumed.

1056

2. Use the Nodes page for additional details on how much storage has been used and how much storage remains available on the grid for object data and object metadata. a. Select NODES.

b. Select grid > Storage.

c. Position your cursor over the Storage used - object data and the Storage used - object metadata

charts to see how much object storage and object metadata storage is available for the entire grid, and how much has been used over time.

The total values for a site or the grid don’t include nodes that have not reported metrics for at least five minutes, such as offline nodes.

3. Plan to perform an expansion to add Storage Nodes or storage volumes before the grid’s usable storage capacity is consumed.