594

Schedule data migration

Avoid migrating data during core operational hours. Limit data migration to evenings, weekends, and other times when system usage is low.

If possible, don’t schedule data migration during periods of high activity. However, if it is not practical to completely avoid the high activity period, it is safe to proceed as long as you closely monitor the relevant attributes and take action if they exceed acceptable values. Monitor data migration

This table lists the attributes you must monitor during data migration, and the issues that they represent.

If you use traffic classification policies with rate limits to throttle ingest, you can monitor the observed rate in conjunction with the statistics described in the following table and reduce the limits if necessary. Monitor

Description

Number of objects waiting for ILM evaluation

1. Select SUPPORT > Tools > Grid topology.

2. Select deployment > Overview > Main.

3. In the ILM Activity section, monitor the number of objects shown for the following attributes:

Awaiting - All (XQUZ): The total number of objects awaiting ILM evaluation.

Awaiting - Client (XCQZ): The total number of objects awaiting ILM evaluation from client operations (for example, ingest).

4. If the number of objects shown for either of these attributes exceeds 100,000, throttle the ingest rate of objects to reduce the load on the StorageGRID system.

Targeted archival system’s storage capacity

If the ILM policy saves a copy of the migrated data to a targeted archival storage system (tape or the cloud), monitor the capacity of the targeted archival storage system to ensure that there is sufficient capacity for the migrated data. Archive Node > ARC > Store

If an alarm for the Store Failures (ARVF) attribute is triggered, the targeted archival storage system might have reached capacity. Check the targeted archival storage system and resolve any issues that triggered an alarm.

Manage objects with ILM

Manage objects with ILM

The information lifecycle management (ILM) rules in an ILM policy instruct StorageGRID how to create and distribute copies of object data and how to manage those copies over time.

595

About these instructions

Designing and implementing ILM rules and policies requires careful planning. You must understand your operational requirements, the topology of your StorageGRID system, your object protection needs, and the available storage types. Then, you must determine how you want different types of objects to be copied, distributed, and stored. Use these instructions to:

Learn about StorageGRID ILM, including how ILM operates throughout an object’s life.

Learn how to configure storage pools, Cloud Storage Pools, and ILM rules.

Learn how to create, simulate, and activate an ILM policy that will protect object data across one or more sites.

Learn how to manage objects with S3 Object Lock, which helps to ensure that objects in specific S3 buckets aren’t deleted or overwritten for a specified amount of time. Learn more

To learn more, review these videos:

Video: Information lifecycle management rules in StorageGRID 11.8.

Video: Information lifecycle management policies in StorageGRID 11.8 ILM and object lifecycle

How ILM operates throughout an object’s life

Understanding how StorageGRID uses ILM to manage objects during every stage of their life can help you design a more effective policy.

596

Ingest: Ingest begins when an S3 or Swift client application establishes a connection to save an object to the StorageGRID system, and is complete when StorageGRID returns an "ingest successful" message to the client. Object data is protected during ingest either by applying ILM instructions immediately (synchronous placement) or by creating interim copies and applying ILM later (dual commit), depending on how the ILM requirements were specified.

Copy management: After creating the number and type of object copies that are specified in the ILM’s placement instructions, StorageGRID manages object locations and protects objects against loss. ILM scanning and evaluation: StorageGRID continuously scans the list of objects stored in the grid and checks if the current copies meet ILM requirements. When different types, numbers, or locations of object copies are required, StorageGRID creates, deletes, or moves copies as needed. To learn more, review these videos:

Video: Information lifecycle management rules in StorageGRID 11.8.

Video: Information lifecycle management policies in StorageGRID 11.8 ILM and object lifecycle

How ILM operates throughout an object’s life

Understanding how StorageGRID uses ILM to manage objects during every stage of their life can help you design a more effective policy.

596