Review current, historical, and global alarms

Set up custom events

Set up email notifications for legacy alarms

While the legacy alarm system continues to be supported, the alert system offers significant benefits and is easier to use. Other

From the Other section of the Support menu, you can:

Manage link cost

View Network Management System (NMS) entries

Manage storage watermarks

Explore the Tenant Manager

The Tenant Manager is the browser-based graphical interface that tenant users access to configure, manage, and monitor their storage accounts.

The Tenant Manager is updated with each release and might not match the example screenshots on this page.

When tenant users sign in to the Tenant Manager, they are connecting to an Admin Node. Tenant Manager dashboard

After a grid administrator creates a tenant account using the Grid Manager or the Grid Management API, tenant users can sign in to the Tenant Manager.

The Tenant Manager dashboard allows tenant users to monitor storage usage at a glance. The Storage usage panel contains a list of the largest buckets (S3) or containers (Swift) for the tenant. The Space used value is the total amount of object data in the bucket or container. The bar chart represents the relative sizes of these buckets or containers.

The value shown above the bar chart is a sum of the space used for all of the tenant’s buckets or containers. If the maximum number of gigabytes, terabytes, or petabytes available for the tenant was specified when the account was created, the amount of quota used and remaining are also shown.

40 Storage menu (S3)

The Storage menu is provided for S3 tenant accounts only. This menu allows S3 users to manage access keys; create, manage, and delete buckets; manage platform services endpoints; and view any grid federation connections they are permitted to use.

My access keys

S3 tenant users can manage access keys as follows:

Users who have the Manage your own S3 credentials permission can create or remove their own S3 access keys. When tenant users sign in to the Tenant Manager, they are connecting to an Admin Node. Tenant Manager dashboard

After a grid administrator creates a tenant account using the Grid Manager or the Grid Management API, tenant users can sign in to the Tenant Manager.

The Tenant Manager dashboard allows tenant users to monitor storage usage at a glance. The Storage usage panel contains a list of the largest buckets (S3) or containers (Swift) for the tenant. The Space used value is the total amount of object data in the bucket or container. The bar chart represents the relative sizes of these buckets or containers.

The value shown above the bar chart is a sum of the space used for all of the tenant’s buckets or containers. If the maximum number of gigabytes, terabytes, or petabytes available for the tenant was specified when the account was created, the amount of quota used and remaining are also shown.

40 Storage menu (S3)

The Storage menu is provided for S3 tenant accounts only. This menu allows S3 users to manage access keys; create, manage, and delete buckets; manage platform services endpoints; and view any grid federation connections they are permitted to use.

My access keys

S3 tenant users can manage access keys as follows:

Users who have the Manage your own S3 credentials permission can create or remove their own S3 access keys.

Users who have the Root access permission can manage the access keys for the S3 root account, their own account, and all other users. Root access keys also provide full access to the tenant’s buckets and objects unless explicitly disabled by a bucket policy.

Managing the access keys for other users takes place from the Access Management menu. Buckets

S3 tenant users with the appropriate permissions can perform the following tasks for their buckets:

Create buckets

Enable S3 Object Lock for a new bucket (assumes that S3 Object Lock is enabled for the StorageGRID

41

system)

Update consistency values

Enable and disable last access time updates

Enable or suspend object versioning

Update S3 Object Lock default retention

Configure cross-origin resource sharing (CORS)

Delete all objects in a bucket

Delete empty buckets

Use the S3 Console to manage bucket objects

If a grid administrator has enabled the use of platform services for the tenant account, an S3 tenant user with the appropriate permissions can also perform these tasks:

Configure S3 event notifications, which can be sent to a destination service that supports the Amazon Simple Notification Service.

Configure CloudMirror replication, which enables the tenant to automatically replicate objects to an external S3 bucket. Configure search integration, which sends object metadata to a destination search index whenever an object is created, deleted, or its metadata or tags are updated.

Platform services endpoints