As required, you can return to this tab to change the setting for a specific new node.

This setting does not affect the existing nodes in your StorageGRID system.

3. Use the following options to select the nodes that should allow client connections only on explicitly configured load balancer endpoints or additional selected ports:

Select Untrust on displayed nodes to add all nodes displayed in the table to the Untrusted Client Network list.

Select Trust on displayed nodes to remove all nodes displayed in the table from the Untrusted Client Network list. Use the toggle beside each node to set the Client Network as Trusted or Untrusted for the selected node.

For example, you could select Untrust on displayed nodes to add all nodes to the Untrusted Client Network list and then use the toggle besides an individual node to add that single node to the Trusted Client Network list.

Use the scroll bar on the right side of the table to be sure you have viewed all available nodes. Use the search field to find the settings for any node by entering the node name. You can enter a partial name. For example, if you enter a GW, all nodes that have the string "GW" as part of their name are displayed.

4. Select Save.

The new firewall settings are immediately applied and enforced. Existing client connections might fail if load balancer endpoints have not been configured. Manage tenants

Manage tenants: Overview

As a grid administrator, you create and manage the tenant accounts that S3 and Swift clients use to store and retrieve objects.

Support for Swift client applications has been deprecated and will be removed in a future release.

What are tenant accounts?

A tenant account allows you to use either the Simple Storage Service (S3) REST API or the Swift REST API to

453

store and retrieve objects in a StorageGRID system.

Each tenant account has federated or local groups, users, S3 buckets or Swift containers, and objects.

Tenant accounts can be used to segregate stored objects by different entities. For example, multiple tenant accounts can be used for either of these use cases: Enterprise use case: If you are administering a StorageGRID system in an enterprise application, you might want to segregate the grid’s object storage by the different departments in your organization. In this case, you could create tenant accounts for the Marketing department, the Customer Support department, the Human Resources department, and so on.

If you use the S3 client protocol, you can use S3 buckets and bucket policies to segregate objects between the departments in an enterprise. You don’t need to use tenant accounts. See instructions for implementing S3 buckets and bucket policies for more information.

Service provider use case: If you are administering a StorageGRID system as a service provider, you can segregate the grid’s object storage by the different entities that will lease the storage on your grid. In this case, you would create tenant accounts for Company A, Company B, Company C, and so on.

For more information, see Use a tenant account. How do I create a tenant account?

When you create a tenant account, you specify the following information:

Basic information including the tenant name, client type (S3 or Swift) and optional storage quota.

Permissions for the tenant account, such as whether the tenant account can use S3 platform services, configure its own identity source, use S3 Select, or use a grid federation connection.

The initial root access for the tenant, based on whether the StorageGRID system uses local groups and users, identity federation, or single sign-on (SSO). If you use the S3 client protocol, you can use S3 buckets and bucket policies to segregate objects between the departments in an enterprise. You don’t need to use tenant accounts. See instructions for implementing S3 buckets and bucket policies for more information.

Service provider use case: If you are administering a StorageGRID system as a service provider, you can segregate the grid’s object storage by the different entities that will lease the storage on your grid. In this case, you would create tenant accounts for Company A, Company B, Company C, and so on.

For more information, see Use a tenant account. How do I create a tenant account?

When you create a tenant account, you specify the following information:

Basic information including the tenant name, client type (S3 or Swift) and optional storage quota.

Permissions for the tenant account, such as whether the tenant account can use S3 platform services, configure its own identity source, use S3 Select, or use a grid federation connection.

The initial root access for the tenant, based on whether the StorageGRID system uses local groups and users, identity federation, or single sign-on (SSO).