6. Select the time period to report on from the Quick Query drop-down list.

Select the Custom Query option to select a specific time range.

The report appears after a few moments. Allow several minutes for tabulation of long time ranges.

1221

7. If you selected Custom Query, you need to customize the time period to report on by entering the Start Date and End Date.

Use the format YYYY/MM/DDHH:MM:SS in local time. Leading zeros are required to match the format. For example, 2017/4/6 7:30:00 fails validation. The correct format is: 2017/04/06 07:30:00.

8. Click Update.

A text report is generated after a few moments. Allow several minutes for tabulation of long time ranges. Depending on the length of time set for the query, either a raw text report or aggregate text report is displayed. Export text reports

Exported text reports open a new browser tab, which enables you to select and copy the data.

About this task

The copied data can then be saved into a new document (for example, a spreadsheet) and used to analyze the performance of the StorageGRID system.

Steps

1. Select SUPPORT > Tools > Grid topology.

2. Create a text report.

3. Click *Export* .

The Export Text Report window opens displaying the report.

1222

4. Select and copy the contents of the Export Text Report window.

This data can now be pasted into a third-party document such as a spreadsheet. Monitor PUT and GET performance

You can monitor the performance of certain operations, such as object store and retrieve, to help identify changes that might require further investigation. About this task

To monitor PUT and GET performance, you can run S3 and Swift commands directly from a workstation or by using the open-source S3tester application. Using these methods allows you to assess performance independently of factors that are external to StorageGRID, such as issues with a client application or issues with an external network.

When performing tests of PUT and GET operations, use the following guidelines:

Use object sizes comparable to the objects that you typically ingest into your grid.

Perform operations against both local and remote sites.

Messages in the audit log indicate the total time required to run certain operations. For example, to determine the total processing time for an S3 GET request, you can review the value of the TIME attribute in the SGET audit message. You can also find the TIME attribute in the audit messages for the following operations:

S3: DELETE, GET, HEAD, Metadata Updated, POST, PUT Swift: DELETE, GET, HEAD, PUT

When analyzing results, look at the average time required to satisfy a request, as well as the overall throughput that you can achieve. Repeat the same tests regularly and record the results, so that you can identify trends that might require investigation.

1223 You can monitor the performance of certain operations, such as object store and retrieve, to help identify changes that might require further investigation. About this task

To monitor PUT and GET performance, you can run S3 and Swift commands directly from a workstation or by using the open-source S3tester application. Using these methods allows you to assess performance independently of factors that are external to StorageGRID, such as issues with a client application or issues with an external network.

When performing tests of PUT and GET operations, use the following guidelines:

Use object sizes comparable to the objects that you typically ingest into your grid.

Perform operations against both local and remote sites.

Messages in the audit log indicate the total time required to run certain operations. For example, to determine the total processing time for an S3 GET request, you can review the value of the TIME attribute in the SGET audit message. You can also find the TIME attribute in the audit messages for the following operations:

S3: DELETE, GET, HEAD, Metadata Updated, POST, PUT Swift: DELETE, GET, HEAD, PUT

When analyzing results, look at the average time required to satisfy a request, as well as the overall throughput that you can achieve. Repeat the same tests regularly and record the results, so that you can identify trends that might require investigation.

1223

• You can download S3tester from github. Monitor object verification operations

The StorageGRID system can verify the integrity of object data on Storage Nodes, checking for both corrupt and missing objects.

Before you begin

You are signed in to the Grid Manager using a supported web browser.

You have the Maintenance or Root access permission. About this task

Two verification processes work together to ensure data integrity:

Background verification runs automatically, continuously checking the correctness of object data.