Note: If SSO is enabled and you are also signed in to the Tenant Manager, you must also sign out of the tenant account to sign out of SSO.

Change your password

If you are a local user of the Grid Manager, you can change your own password.

Before you begin

You are signed in to the Grid Manager using a supported web browser. About this task

If you sign in to StorageGRID as a federated user or if single sign-on (SSO) is enabled, you can’t change your password in Grid Manager. Instead, you must change your password in the external identity source, for

284

example, Active Directory or OpenLDAP.

Steps

1. From the Grid Manager header, select your name > Change password.

2. Enter your current password.

3. Type a new password.

Your password must contain at least 8 and no more than 32 characters. Passwords are case-sensitive.

4. Re-enter the new password.

5. Select Save. View StorageGRID license information

You can view the license information for your StorageGRID system, such as the maximum storage capacity of your grid, whenever necessary.

Before you begin

You are signed in to the Grid Manager using a supported web browser.

About this task

If there is an issue with the software license for this StorageGRID system, the Health status card on the dashboard includes a License status icon and a License link. The number indicates the number of license- related issues. Steps

1. Access the License page by doing one of the following: ◦ Select MAINTENANCE > System > License. ◦ From the Health status card on the dashboard, select the License status icon or the License link. This link appears only if there is an issue with the license.

2. View the read-only details for the current license:

StorageGRID system ID, which is the unique identification number for this StorageGRID installation

285

License serial number ◦ License type, either Perpetual or Subscription ◦ Licensed storage capacity of the grid ◦ Supported storage capacity ◦ License end date. N/A appears for a perpetual license. ◦ Support end date

This date is read from the current license file and might be out of date if you extended or renewed the support service contract after obtaining the license file. To update this value, see Update StorageGRID license information. You can also view the actual contract end date using Active IQ.

Contents of the license text file Update StorageGRID license information

You must update the license information for your StorageGRID system any time the terms of your license change. For example, you must update the license information if you purchase additional storage capacity for your grid.

Before you begin

You have a new license file to apply to your StorageGRID system.

You have specific access permissions.

You have the provisioning passphrase. Steps 2. View the read-only details for the current license:

StorageGRID system ID, which is the unique identification number for this StorageGRID installation

285

License serial number ◦ License type, either Perpetual or Subscription ◦ Licensed storage capacity of the grid ◦ Supported storage capacity ◦ License end date. N/A appears for a perpetual license. ◦ Support end date

This date is read from the current license file and might be out of date if you extended or renewed the support service contract after obtaining the license file. To update this value, see Update StorageGRID license information. You can also view the actual contract end date using Active IQ.

Contents of the license text file Update StorageGRID license information

You must update the license information for your StorageGRID system any time the terms of your license change. For example, you must update the license information if you purchase additional storage capacity for your grid.

Before you begin

You have a new license file to apply to your StorageGRID system.

You have specific access permissions.

You have the provisioning passphrase. Steps

1. Select MAINTENANCE > System > License.

2. In the Update license section, select Browse.

3. Locate and select the new license file (.txt).

The new license file is validated and displayed.

4. Enter the provisioning passphrase.

5. Select Save.

Use the API

Use the Grid Management API

You can perform system management tasks using the Grid Management REST API instead of the Grid Manager user interface. For example, you might want to use the API to automate operations or to create multiple entities, such as users, more quickly. Top-level resources

The Grid Management API provides the following top-level resources:

/grid: Access is restricted to Grid Manager users and is based on the configured group permissions.

286

• /org: Access is restricted to users who belong to a local or federated LDAP group for a tenant account.

For details, see Use a tenant account.