b. Review the number of Currently Established incoming Sessions.

c. Repeat for each Storage Node in the grid.

The number of sessions should be roughly equal across all Storage Nodes.

Monitor grid federation connections

You can monitor basic information about all grid federation connections, detailed information about a specific connection, or Prometheus metrics about cross-grid replication operations. You can monitor a connection from either grid.

Before you begin

You are signed in to the Grid Manager on either grid using a supported web browser.

You have the Root access permission for the grid you are signed in to.

1074

View all connections

The Grid federation page shows basic information about all grid federation connections and about all tenant accounts that are permitted to use grid federation connections. Steps

1. Select CONFIGURATION > System > Grid federation.

The Grid federation page appears.

2. To see basic information for all connections on this grid, select the Connections tab.

From this tab, you can:

Create a new connection. ◦ Select an existing connection to edit or test.

3. To see basic information for all tenant accounts on this grid that have the Use grid federation connection permission, select the Permitted tenants tab. From this tab, you can:

View the details page for each permitted tenant. ◦ View the details page for each connection. See View a specific connection. ◦ Select a permitted tenant and remove the permission. ◦ Check for cross-grid replication errors and clear the last error, if any. See Troubleshoot grid federation errors.

1075 View a specific connection

You can view details for a specific grid federation connection.

Steps

1. Select either tab from the Grid federation page and then select the connection name from the table.

From the details page for the connection, you can:

See basic status information about the connection, including the local and remote hostnames, port, and connection status.

Select a connection to edit, test, or remove.

2. When viewing a specific connection, select the Permitted tenants tab to view details about the permitted tenants for the connection. From this tab, you can:

View the details page for each permitted tenant. ◦ Remove a tenant’s permission to use the connection. ◦ Check for cross-grid replication errors and clear the last error. See Troubleshoot grid federation errors.

1076

3. When viewing a specific connection, select the Certificates tab to view the system-generated server and client certificates for this connection. From this tab, you can:

Rotate connection certificates. ◦ Select Server or Client to view or download the associated certificate or copy the certificate PEM.

1077

Review cross-grid replication metrics

You can use the Cross-Grid Replication dashboard in Grafana to view Prometheus metrics about cross-grid replication operations on your grid. Steps

1. From the Grid Manager, select SUPPORT > Tools > Metrics.

The tools available on the Metrics page are intended for use by technical support. Some features and menu items within these tools are intentionally non-functional and are subject to change. See the list of commonly used Prometheus metrics.

2. In the Grafana section of the page, select Cross Grid Replication.

For detailed instructions, see Review support metrics.

1078

3. To retry replication of objects that failed to replicate, see Identify and retry failed replication operations. Monitor archival capacity

You can’t directly monitor an external archival storage system’s capacity through the StorageGRID system. However, you can monitor whether the Archive Node can still send object data to the archival destination, which might indicate that an expansion of archival media is required. About this task

You can monitor the Store component to check if the Archive Node can still send object data to the targeted archival storage system. The Store Failures (ARVF) alarm might also indicate that the targeted archival storage system has reached capacity and can no longer accept object data. Steps

1. Select SUPPORT > Tools > Grid topology.

2. Select Archive Node > ARC> Overview> Main.

3. Check the Store State and Store Status attributes to confirm that the Store component is Online with No Errors. 1. From the Grid Manager, select SUPPORT > Tools > Metrics.

The tools available on the Metrics page are intended for use by technical support. Some features and menu items within these tools are intentionally non-functional and are subject to change. See the list of commonly used Prometheus metrics.

2. In the Grafana section of the page, select Cross Grid Replication.

For detailed instructions, see Review support metrics.

1078

3. To retry replication of objects that failed to replicate, see Identify and retry failed replication operations. Monitor archival capacity