If two Global Custom alarms for the same attribute have the same severity, the alarms are evaluated with a "top down" priority.

For instance, if UMEM drops to 50MB, the first alarm is triggered (= 50000000), but not the one below it (<=100000000).

1121

If the order is reversed, when UMEM drops to 100MB, the first alarm (<=100000000) is triggered, but not the one below it (= 50000000). Notifications

A notification reports the occurrence of an alarm or the change of state for a service. Alarm notifications can be sent in email or using SNMP. If the attribute is evaluated when its value is 1000, no alarm is triggered and no notification is sent.

The Global Custom alarm takes precedence over the Default alarm. A value of 1000 does not reach the threshold value of any severity level for the Global Custom alarm. As a result, the alarm level is evaluated to be Normal.

After the above scenario, if the Global Custom alarm is disabled, nothing changes. The attribute value must be reevaluated before a new alarm level is triggered.

With the Global Custom alarm disabled, when the attribute value is reevaluated, the attribute value is evaluated against the threshold values for the Default alarm. The alarm level triggers a Notice level alarm and an email notification is sent to the designated personnel. Alarms of same severity

If two Global Custom alarms for the same attribute have the same severity, the alarms are evaluated with a "top down" priority.

For instance, if UMEM drops to 50MB, the first alarm is triggered (= 50000000), but not the one below it (<=100000000).

1121

If the order is reversed, when UMEM drops to 100MB, the first alarm (<=100000000) is triggered, but not the one below it (= 50000000). Notifications

A notification reports the occurrence of an alarm or the change of state for a service. Alarm notifications can be sent in email or using SNMP.

To avoid multiple alarms and notifications being sent when an alarm threshold value is reached, the alarm severity is checked against the current alarm severity for the attribute. If there is no change, then no further action is taken. This means that as the NMS service continues to monitor the system, it will only raise an alarm and send notifications the first time it notices an alarm condition for an attribute. If a new value threshold for the attribute is reached and detected, the alarm severity changes and a new notification is sent. Alarms are cleared when conditions return to the Normal level. The trigger value shown in the notification of an alarm state is rounded to three decimal places. Therefore, an attribute value of 1.9999 triggers an alarm whose threshold is less than (<) 2.0, although the alarm notification shows the trigger value as 2.0.

1122

New services

As new services are added through the addition of new grid nodes or sites, they inherit Default alarms and Global Custom alarms. Alarms and tables

Alarm attributes displayed in tables can be disabled at the system level. Alarms can’t be disabled for individual rows in a table.

For example, the following table shows two critical Entries Available (VMFI) alarms. (Select SUPPORT > Tools > Grid topology. Then, select Storage Node > SSM > Resources.)

You can disable the VMFI alarm so that the Critical level VMFI alarm is not triggered (both currently Critical alarms would appear in the table as green); however, you can’t disable a single alarm in a table row so that one VMFI alarm displays as a Critical level alarm while the other remains green. Acknowledge current alarms (legacy system)

Legacy alarms are triggered when system attributes reach alarm threshold values. Optionally, if you want to reduce or clear the list of legacy alarms, you can acknowledge the alarms.

Before you begin

You must be signed in to the Grid Manager using a supported web browser.

You must have the Acknowledge alarms permission. About this task

Because the legacy alarm system continues to be supported, the list of legacy alarms on the Current Alarms page is increased whenever a new alarm occurs. You can typically ignore the alarms (because alerts provide a better view of the system), or you can acknowledge the alarms.

Optionally, when you have completely transitioned to the alert system, you can disable each legacy alarm to prevent it from being triggered and added to the count of legacy alarms.

When you acknowledge an alarm, it is no longer listed on the Current Alarms page in the Grid Manager, unless the alarm is triggered at the next severity level or it is resolved and occurs again.

While the legacy alarm system continues to be supported, the alert system offers significant benefits and is easier to use. Steps

1. Select SUPPORT > Alarms (legacy) > Current alarms.

1123

2. Select the service name in the table.

The Alarms tab for the selected service appears (SUPPORT > Tools > Grid topology > Grid Node > Service > Alarms).