When the Stage progresses beyond "Queued," the Remove button is hidden and you can no longer remove the node from the hotfix process.

10. Wait while the hotfix is applied to each approved grid node.

When the hotfix has been successfully installed on all nodes, the Hotfix Installation Progress table closes. A green banner shows the date and time the hotfix was completed.

11. If the hotfix could not be applied to any nodes, review the error for each node, resolve the issue, and repeat these steps.

275

276

The procedure is not complete until the hotfix is successfully applied to all nodes. You can safely retry the hotfix process as many times as required until it is complete.

Configure and manage a StorageGRID system Administer StorageGRID

Administer StorageGRID: Overview

Use these instructions to configure and administer a StorageGRID system.

About these instructions

The primary tasks for configuring and administering StorageGRID allow you to:

Use the Grid Manager to set up groups and users

Create tenant accounts to allow S3 and Swift client applications to store and retrieve objects

Configure and manage StorageGRID networks

Configure AutoSupport

Manage node settings

Before you begin

You have a general understanding of the StorageGRID system.

You have fairly detailed knowledge of Linux command shells, networking, and server hardware setup and configuration. Get started with Grid Manager

Web browser requirements

You must use a supported web browser.

Web browser

Minimum supported version

Google Chrome

119

Microsoft Edge

119

Mozilla Firefox

119

You should set the browser window to a recommended width.

Browser width

Pixels

Minimum

1024

Optimum

1280

277

Sign in to the Grid Manager

You access the Grid Manager sign-in page by entering the fully qualified domain name (FQDN) or IP address of an Admin Node into the address bar of a supported web browser. Overview

Each StorageGRID system includes one primary Admin Node and any number of non-primary Admin Nodes. You can sign in to the Grid Manager on any Admin Node to manage the StorageGRID system. However, the Admin Nodes aren’t exactly the same:

Alarm acknowledgments (legacy system) made on one Admin Node aren’t copied to other Admin Nodes. For this reason, the information displayed for alarms might not look the same on each Admin Node.

Some maintenance procedures can only be performed from the primary Admin Node. Connect to HA group

If Admin Nodes are included in a high availability (HA) group, you connect using the virtual IP address of the HA group or a fully qualified domain name that maps to the virtual IP address. The primary Admin Node should be selected as the group’s primary interface, so that when you access the Grid Manager, you access it on the primary Admin Node unless the primary Admin Node is not available. See Manage high availability groups. Use SSO

The sign-in steps are slightly different if single sign-on (SSO) has been configured.

Sign in to Grid Manager on first Admin Node

Before you begin

You have your login credentials.

You are using a supported web browser.

Cookies are enabled in your web browser.

You belong to a user group that has at least one permission.

You have the URL for the Grid Manager: https://FQDN_or_Admin_Node_IP/

You can use the fully qualified domain name, the IP address of an Admin Node, or the virtual IP address of an HA group of Admin Nodes.

To access the Grid Manager on a port other than the default port for HTTPS (443), include the port number in the URL: Some maintenance procedures can only be performed from the primary Admin Node. Connect to HA group

If Admin Nodes are included in a high availability (HA) group, you connect using the virtual IP address of the HA group or a fully qualified domain name that maps to the virtual IP address. The primary Admin Node should be selected as the group’s primary interface, so that when you access the Grid Manager, you access it on the primary Admin Node unless the primary Admin Node is not available. See Manage high availability groups. Use SSO

The sign-in steps are slightly different if single sign-on (SSO) has been configured.

Sign in to Grid Manager on first Admin Node

Before you begin

You have your login credentials.

You are using a supported web browser.

Cookies are enabled in your web browser.

You belong to a user group that has at least one permission.

You have the URL for the Grid Manager: https://FQDN_or_Admin_Node_IP/

You can use the fully qualified domain name, the IP address of an Admin Node, or the virtual IP address of an HA group of Admin Nodes.

To access the Grid Manager on a port other than the default port for HTTPS (443), include the port number in the URL:

https://FQDN_or_Admin_Node_IP:port/

SSO is not available on the restricted Grid Manager port. You must use port 443. Steps

1. Launch a supported web browser.

278

2. In the browser’s address bar, enter the URL for the Grid Manager.