topology-display- names.json, included with AutoSupport data

Not included

Empty unless items have been renamed; otherwise, maps grid, site, and node IDs to their display names. Display name requirements

Before using this procedure, review the requirements for display names.

Display names for nodes

Display names for nodes must follow these rules:

Must be unique across your StorageGRID system.

Can’t be the same as the system name for any other item in your StorageGRID system.

Must contain at least 1 and no more than 32 characters.

Can contain numbers, hyphens (-), and uppercase and lowercase letters.

Can start or end with a letter or number, but can’t start or end with a hyphen.

Can’t be all numbers.

Are case-insensitive. For example, DC1-ADM and dc1-adm are considered to be duplicates.

You can rename a node with a display name that was previously used by a different node, as long as the

1479

rename doesn’t result in a duplicate display name or system name. Display names for grid and sites

Display names for the grid and sites follow the same rules with these exceptions:

Can include spaces.

Can include these special characters: = - _ : , . @ !

Can start and end with the special characters, including hyphens.

Can be all numbers or special characters. Display name best practices

If you plan to rename multiple items, document your general naming scheme before using this procedure. Come up with a system that ensures that names are unique, consistent, and easy to understand at a glance.

You can use any naming convention that fits your organizational requirements. Consider these basic suggestions of what to include:

Site indicator: If you have multiple sites, add a site code to each node name.

Node type: Node names typically indicate the node’s type. You can use abbreviations like s, adm, gw, and arc (Storage Node, Admin Node, Gateway Node, and Archive Node).

Node number: If a site contains more than one of a particular type of node, add a unique number to each node’s name. Think twice before adding specific details to the names that are likely to change over time. For example, don’t include IP addresses in node names because these addresses can be changed. Similarly, rack locations or appliance model numbers can change if you move equipment or upgrade the hardware.

Example display names

Suppose your StorageGRID system has three data centers and has nodes of different types at each data center. Your display names might be as simple as these:

Grid: StorageGRID Deployment

First site: Data Center 1

dc1-adm1 ◦ dc1-s1 ◦ dc1-s2 ◦ dc1-s3 ◦ dc1-gw1

Second site: Data Center 2

dc2-adm2 ◦ dc2-s1 ◦ dc2-s2

1480

◦ dc2-s3

Third site: Data Center 3

dc3-s1 ◦ dc3-s2 ◦ dc3-s3 Add or update display names

You can use this procedure to add or update the display names used for your grid, sites, and nodes. You can rename a single item, multiple items, or even all items at the same time. Defining or updating a display name does not affect StorageGRID operations in any way.

Before you begin Example display names

Suppose your StorageGRID system has three data centers and has nodes of different types at each data center. Your display names might be as simple as these:

Grid: StorageGRID Deployment

First site: Data Center 1

dc1-adm1 ◦ dc1-s1 ◦ dc1-s2 ◦ dc1-s3 ◦ dc1-gw1

Second site: Data Center 2

dc2-adm2 ◦ dc2-s1 ◦ dc2-s2

1480

◦ dc2-s3

Third site: Data Center 3

dc3-s1 ◦ dc3-s2 ◦ dc3-s3 Add or update display names

You can use this procedure to add or update the display names used for your grid, sites, and nodes. You can rename a single item, multiple items, or even all items at the same time. Defining or updating a display name does not affect StorageGRID operations in any way.

Before you begin

From the primary Admin Node, you are signed in to the Grid Manager using a supported web browser.

You can add or update display names from a non-primary Admin Node, but you must be signed in to the primary Admin Node to download a Recovery Package.

You have the Maintenance or Root access permission.

You have the provisioning passphrase.

You understand the requirements and best practices for display names. See Rename grid, sites, and nodes: Overview.

How to rename grid, sites, or nodes

You can rename your StorageGRID system, one or more sites, or one or more nodes. You can use a display name that was previously used by a different node, as long as the rename doesn’t result in a duplicate display name or system name.

Select items to rename

To start, select the items you want to rename.

Steps

1. Select MAINTENANCE > Tasks > Rename grid, sites, and nodes.

2. For the Select names step, select the items you want to rename.

Item to change Instruction

Names of everything (or almost everything) in your system

1. Select Select all.

2. Optionally clear any items you don’t want to rename.

Name of the grid

Select the checkbox for the grid.

1481

Item to change

Instruction