652 The first placement instruction

has two lines for the first year:

The first line creates two replicated object copies at two data center sites.

The second line creates a 6+3 erasure-coded copy using all data center sites.

The second placement instruction

creates two copies after one year and keeps those copies forever.

When you define the set of placement instructions for a rule, you must ensure that at least one placement instruction begins at day 0, that there are no gaps between the time periods you have defined, and that the final placement instruction continues either forever or until you no longer require any object copies.

As each time period in the rule expires, the content placement instructions for the next time period are applied. New object copies are created and any unneeded copies are deleted. ILM rule ingest behavior To place objects in multiple locations during a single time period, select Add other type or location to add more than one line for that time period.

To place objects in different locations in different time periods, select Add another time period to add the next time period. Then, specify one or more lines within the time period.

The example shows two placement instructions on the Define placements page of the Create ILM rule wizard.

652 The first placement instruction

has two lines for the first year:

The first line creates two replicated object copies at two data center sites.

The second line creates a 6+3 erasure-coded copy using all data center sites.

The second placement instruction

creates two copies after one year and keeps those copies forever.

When you define the set of placement instructions for a rule, you must ensure that at least one placement instruction begins at day 0, that there are no gaps between the time periods you have defined, and that the final placement instruction continues either forever or until you no longer require any object copies.

As each time period in the rule expires, the content placement instructions for the next time period are applied. New object copies are created and any unneeded copies are deleted. ILM rule ingest behavior

Ingest behavior controls whether object copies are immediately placed according to the instructions in the rule, or if interim copies are made and the placement instructions are applied later. The following ingest behaviors are available for ILM rules:

Balanced: StorageGRID attempts to make all copies specified in the ILM rule at ingest; if this is not possible, interim copies are made and success is returned to the client. The copies specified in the ILM rule are made when possible.

Strict: All copies specified in the ILM rule must be made before success is returned to the client.

Dual commit: StorageGRID immediately makes interim copies of the object and returns success to the client. Copies specified in the ILM rule are made when possible.

Related information

Ingest options

653

• Advantages, disadvantages, and limitations of the ingest options

How consistency and ILM rules interact to affect data protection Example ILM rule

As an example, an ILM rule could specify the following:

Apply only to the objects belonging to Tenant A.

Make two replicated copies of those objects and store each copy at a different site.

Retain the two copies "forever," which means that StorageGRID will not automatically delete them. Instead, StorageGRID will retain these objects until they are deleted by a client delete request or by the expiration of a bucket lifecycle.

Use the Balanced option for ingest behavior: the two-site placement instruction is applied as soon as Tenant A saves an object to StorageGRID, unless it is not possible to immediately make both required copies.

For example, if Site 2 is unreachable when Tenant A saves an object, StorageGRID will make two interim copies on Storage Nodes at Site 1. As soon as Site 2 becomes available, StorageGRID will make the required copy at that site.

Related information

What is a storage pool

What is a Cloud Storage Pool Access the Create an ILM rule wizard

ILM rules allow you to manage the placement of object data over time. To create an ILM rule, you use the Create an ILM rule wizard.

If you want to create the default ILM rule for a policy, follow the instructions for creating a default ILM rule instead.

Before you begin

You are signed in to the Grid Manager using a supported web browser.

You have specific access permissions.

If you want to specify which tenant accounts this rule applies to, you have the Tenant accounts permission or you know the account ID for each account.

If you want the rule to filter objects on last access time metadata, Last access time updates must be enabled by bucket for S3 or by container for Swift.

You have configured any Cloud Storage Pools you plan to use. See Create Cloud Storage Pool.

You are familiar with the ingest options.