Determining how long to keep an idle connection open is a trade‐off between the benefits of slow start that is associated with the existing connection and the ideal allocation of the connection to internal system resources. Benefits of active HTTP connections

For connections directly to Storage Nodes, you should limit the duration of an active HTTP connection to a maximum of 10 minutes, even if the HTTP connection continuously performs transactions.

Determining the maximum duration that a connection should be held open is a trade‐off between the benefits of connection persistence and the ideal allocation of the connection to internal system resources.

For client connections to Storage Nodes, limiting active HTTP connections provides the following benefits:

Enables optimal load balancing across the StorageGRID system.

Over time, an HTTP connection might no longer be optimal as load balancing requirements change. The system performs its best load balancing when client applications establish a separate HTTP connection for each transaction, but this negates the much more valuable gains associated with persistent connections. Allows client applications to direct HTTP transactions to LDR services that have available space.

Allows maintenance procedures to start.

Some maintenance procedures start only after all the in-progress HTTP connections are complete.

For client connections to the Load Balancer service, limiting the duration of open connections can be useful for allowing some maintenance procedures to start promptly. If the duration of client connections is not limited, it might take several minutes for active connections to be automatically terminated. Benefits of concurrent HTTP connections

You should keep multiple TCP/IP connections to the StorageGRID system open to allow parallelism, which

527

increases performance. The optimal number of parallel connections depends on a variety of factors.

Concurrent HTTP connections provide the following benefits:

Reduced latency

Transactions can start immediately instead of waiting for other transactions to be completed.

Increased throughput

The StorageGRID system can perform parallel transactions and increase aggregate transaction throughput.

Client applications should establish multiple HTTP connections. When a client application has to perform a transaction, it can select and immediately use any established connection that is not currently processing a transaction. Each StorageGRID system’s topology has different peak throughput for concurrent transactions and connections before performance begins to degrade. Peak throughput depends on factors such as computing resources, network resources, storage resources, and WAN links. The number of servers and services and the number of applications that the StorageGRID system supports are also factors.

StorageGRID systems often support multiple client applications. You should keep this in mind when you determine the maximum number of concurrent connections used by a client application. If the client application consists of multiple software entities that each establish connections to the StorageGRID system, you should add up all the connections across the entities. You might have to adjust the maximum number of concurrent connections in the following situations:

The StorageGRID system’s topology affects the maximum number of concurrent transactions and connections that the system can support. Client applications that interact with the StorageGRID system over a network with limited bandwidth might have to reduce the degree of concurrency to ensure that individual transactions are completed in a reasonable time.

When many client applications share the StorageGRID system, you might have to reduce the degree of concurrency to avoid exceeding the limits of the system.

Separation of HTTP connection pools for read and write operations Client applications should establish multiple HTTP connections. When a client application has to perform a transaction, it can select and immediately use any established connection that is not currently processing a transaction. Each StorageGRID system’s topology has different peak throughput for concurrent transactions and connections before performance begins to degrade. Peak throughput depends on factors such as computing resources, network resources, storage resources, and WAN links. The number of servers and services and the number of applications that the StorageGRID system supports are also factors.

StorageGRID systems often support multiple client applications. You should keep this in mind when you determine the maximum number of concurrent connections used by a client application. If the client application consists of multiple software entities that each establish connections to the StorageGRID system, you should add up all the connections across the entities. You might have to adjust the maximum number of concurrent connections in the following situations: