The Grid Manager is updated with each release and might not match the example screenshots on this page.

When you sign in to the Grid Manager, you are connecting to an Admin Node. Each StorageGRID system includes one primary Admin Node and any number of non-primary Admin Nodes. You can connect to any Admin Node, and each Admin Node displays a similar view of the StorageGRID system.

You can access the Grid Manager using a supported web browser. Grid Manager dashboard

When you first sign in to the Grid Manager, you can use the dashboard to monitor system activities at a glance.

The dashboard contains information about system health and performance, storage use, ILM processes, S3 and Swift operations, and the nodes in the grid. You can configure the dashboard by selecting from a collection of cards that contain the information you need to effectively monitor your system.

34

For an explanation of the information shown on each card, select the help icon for that card.

Search field

The Search field in the header bar allows you to quickly navigate to a specific page within Grid Manager. For example, you can enter km to access the Key management server (KMS) page. You can use Search to find entries in the sidebar of the Grid Manager and on the Configuration, Maintenance, and Support menus.

Help menu

The help menu

• Define alert rules for conditions that trigger alerts

Configure the email server for alert notifications Nodes page

The Nodes page displays information about the entire grid, each site in the grid, and each node at a site. You can access the Grid Manager using a supported web browser. Grid Manager dashboard

When you first sign in to the Grid Manager, you can use the dashboard to monitor system activities at a glance.

The dashboard contains information about system health and performance, storage use, ILM processes, S3 and Swift operations, and the nodes in the grid. You can configure the dashboard by selecting from a collection of cards that contain the information you need to effectively monitor your system.

34

For an explanation of the information shown on each card, select the help icon for that card.

Search field

The Search field in the header bar allows you to quickly navigate to a specific page within Grid Manager. For example, you can enter km to access the Key management server (KMS) page. You can use Search to find entries in the sidebar of the Grid Manager and on the Configuration, Maintenance, and Support menus.

Help menu

The help menu

• Define alert rules for conditions that trigger alerts

Configure the email server for alert notifications Nodes page

The Nodes page displays information about the entire grid, each site in the grid, and each node at a site.

The Nodes home page displays combined metrics for the entire grid. To view information for a particular site or node, select the site or node.

Tenants page

The Tenants page allows you to create and monitor the storage tenant accounts for your StorageGRID system. You must create at least one tenant account to specify who can store and retrieve objects and which functionality is available to them.

The Tenants page also provides usage details for each tenant, including the amount of storage used and the number of objects. If you set a quota when you created the tenant, you can see how much of that quota has been used.

36 ILM menu

The ILM menu allows you to configure the information lifecycle management (ILM) rules and policies that govern data durability and availability. You can also enter an object identifier to view the metadata for that object.

From the ILM menu you can view and manage ILM:

Rules

Policies

Policy tags

Storage pools

Erasure coding

Storage grades

Regions

Object metadata lookup Configuration menu

The Configuration menu allows you to specify network settings, security settings, system settings, monitoring options, and access control options.

Network tasks

Network tasks include:

Managing high availability groups

Managing load balancer endpoints

Configuring S3 endpoint domain names

Managing traffic classification policies

Configuring VLAN interfaces

37

Security tasks

Security tasks include:

Managing security certificates

Managing internal firewall controls

Configuring key management servers

Configuring security settings including the TLS and SSH policy, network and object security options, and interface security settings.

Configuring the settings for a storage proxy or an admin proxy System tasks

System tasks include:

Using grid federation to clone tenant account information and replicate object data between two StorageGRID systems.

Optionally, enabling the Compress stored objects option.

Managing S3 Object Lock

Understanding Storage options such as object segmentation and storage volume watermarks.

Monitoring tasks

Monitoring tasks include:

Configuring audit messages and log destinations

Using SNMP monitoring Access control tasks

Access control tasks include: