If you want to activate multiple policies, follow the steps to create ILM policy tags. Don’t select the Make 2 Copies rule because that rule uses the All Storage Nodes storage pool, which is not allowed. ▪ Work with ILM policies:

▪ Clone an existing ILM policy or create a new ILM policy. ▪ Ensure the default rule and other rules don’t refer to the site.

You must confirm that the ILM rules are in the correct order. When the policy is activated, new and existing objects are evaluated by the rules in the order listed, starting at the top.

c. Ingest test objects and simulate the policy to ensure that the correct rules are applied.

Errors in an ILM policy can cause unrecoverable data loss. Carefully review and simulate the policy before activating it to confirm that it will work as intended.

1466

When you activate a new ILM policy, StorageGRID uses it to manage all objects, including existing objects and newly ingested objects. Before activating a new ILM policy, review any changes to the placement of existing replicated and erasure-coded objects. Changing an existing object’s location might result in temporary resource issues when the new placements are evaluated and implemented. d. Activate the new policies and ensure the old policies are now inactive.

If you want to activate multiple policies, follow the steps to create ILM policy tags.

If you are performing a connected site decommission, StorageGRID begins to remove object data from the selected site as soon as you activate the new ILM policy. Moving or deleting all object copies might take weeks. Although you can safely start a site decommission while object data still exists at the site, the decommission procedure will complete more quickly and with fewer disruptions and performance impacts if you allow data to be moved from the site before starting the actual decommission procedure (by selecting Start Decommission in Step 5 of the wizard).

4. For each inactive policy, edit or remove it by first selecting the link for each policy as described in the previous steps.

Edit the policy so it doesn’t refer to the site to be decommissioned. ◦ Remove a policy. 5. When you finish making changes to ILM rules and policies, there should be no more policies listed in Step 3 (Revise ILM Policies). Select Next.

Step 4 (Remove ILM References) appears.

Step 4: Remove ILM References

From Step 4 (Remove ILM References) of the Decommission Site wizard, you must delete or edit any unused ILM rules that refer to the site, even if the rules are not used in any ILM policy. Steps

1. Determine whether any unused ILM rules refer to the site.

If any ILM rules are listed, those rules still refer to the site but aren’t used in any policy.

When StorageGRID decommissions the site, it will automatically deactivate any unused erasure-coding profiles that refer to the site, and it will automatically delete any unused storage pools that refer to the site. The All Storage Nodes storage pool (StorageGRID 11.6 and earlier) is removed because it uses the All Sites site.

2. Edit or delete each unused rule:

To edit a rule, go the ILM rules page and update all placements that use an erasure-coding profile or storage pool that refers to the site. Then, return to Step 4 (Remove ILM References).

To delete a rule, select the trash can icon and select OK.

You must delete the Make 2 Copies rule before you can decommission a site.

1467

3. Confirm that no unused ILM rules refer to the site, and the Next button is enabled.

4. Select Next.

Any remaining storage pools and erasure-coding profiles that refer to the site will become invalid when the site is removed. When StorageGRID decommissions the site, it will automatically deactivate any unused erasure-coding profiles that refer to the site, and it will automatically delete any unused storage pools that refer to the site. The All Storage Nodes storage pool (StorageGRID 11.6 and earlier) is removed because it uses the All Sites site. Step 5 (Resolve Node Conflicts) appears.

Step 5: Resolve Node Conflicts (and start decommission)

From Step 5 (Resolve Node Conflicts) of the Decommission Site wizard, you can determine if any nodes in your StorageGRID system are disconnected or if any nodes at the selected site belong to a high availability (HA) group. After any node conflicts are resolved, you start the decommission procedure from this page.

Before you begin To delete a rule, select the trash can icon and select OK.

You must delete the Make 2 Copies rule before you can decommission a site.

1467

3. Confirm that no unused ILM rules refer to the site, and the Next button is enabled.

4. Select Next.