You have reviewed the guidelines for creating storage pools. About this task

Storage pools determine where object data is stored. The number of storage pools you need depends on the number of sites in your grid and on the types of copies you want: replicated or erasure-coded.

For replication and single-site erasure coding, create a storage pool for each site. For example, if you want to store replicated object copies at three sites, create three storage pools.

For erasure coding at three or more sites, create one storage pool that includes an entry for each site. For example, if you want to erasure code objects across three sites, create one storage pool.

Don’t include the All Sites site in a storage pool that will be used in an erasure-coding profile. Instead, add a separate entry to the storage pool for each site that will store erasure- coded data. See this step for an example.

If you have more than one storage grade, don’t create a storage pool that includes different storage grades

624 at a single site. See the Guidelines for creating storage pools. Steps

1. Select ILM > Storage pools.

The Storage pools tab lists all defined storage pools.

For new installations of StorageGRID 11.6 or earlier, the All Storage Nodes storage pool is automatically updated whenever you add new data center sites. Don’t use this pool in ILM rules.

2. To create a new storage pool, select Create. For replication and single-site erasure coding, create a storage pool for each site. For example, if you want to store replicated object copies at three sites, create three storage pools.

For erasure coding at three or more sites, create one storage pool that includes an entry for each site. For example, if you want to erasure code objects across three sites, create one storage pool.

Don’t include the All Sites site in a storage pool that will be used in an erasure-coding profile. Instead, add a separate entry to the storage pool for each site that will store erasure- coded data. See this step for an example.

If you have more than one storage grade, don’t create a storage pool that includes different storage grades

624 at a single site. See the Guidelines for creating storage pools. Steps

1. Select ILM > Storage pools.

The Storage pools tab lists all defined storage pools.

For new installations of StorageGRID 11.6 or earlier, the All Storage Nodes storage pool is automatically updated whenever you add new data center sites. Don’t use this pool in ILM rules.

2. To create a new storage pool, select Create.

3. Enter a unique name for the storage pool. Use a name that will be easy to identify when you configure erasure-coding profiles and ILM rules.

4. From the Site drop-down list, select a site for this storage pool.

When you select a site, the number of Storage Nodes and Archive Nodes in the table are automatically updated.

In general, don’t use the All Sites site in any storage pool. ILM rules that use an All Sites storage pool place objects at any available site, giving you less control of object placement. Also, an All Sites storage pool uses the Storage Nodes at a new site immediately, which might not be the behavior you expect. 5. From the Storage grade drop-down list, select the type of storage that will be used if an ILM rule uses this storage pool.

The storage grade, includes all storage grades, includes all Storage Nodes at the selected site. The default Archive Nodes storage grade includes all Archive Nodes at the selected site. If you created additional storage grades for the Storage Nodes in your grid, they are listed in the drop-down.

6.

If you want to use the storage pool in a multi-site erasure-coding profile, select Add more nodes to add an entry for each site to the storage pool.

You are prevented from creating duplicate entries or from creating a storage pool that includes both the Archive Nodes storage grade and any storage grade that contains Storage Nodes.

You are warned if you add more than one entry with different storage grades for a site.

To remove an entry, select the delete icon

.

7. When you are satisfied with your selections, select Save.

The new storage pool is added to the list. View storage pool details

You can view the details of a storage pool to determine where the storage pool is used and to see which nodes and storage grades are included.

Before you begin

You are signed in to the Grid Manager using a supported web browser.

625

• You have specific access permissions. Steps

1. Select ILM > Storage pools.

The Storage pools table includes the following information for each storage pool that includes Storage Nodes:

Name: The unique display name of the storage pool. ◦ Node count: The number of nodes in the storage pool. ◦ Storage usage: The percentage of the total usable space that has been used for object data on this node. This value does not include object metadata.