Cloud Storage Pool

CloudMirror replication service

Can you read from the destination directly? No. Objects moved to a Cloud Storage Pool are managed by StorageGRID. Read requests must be directed to StorageGRID (and StorageGRID will be responsible for retrieval from Cloud Storage Pool).

Yes, because the mirrored copy is an independent copy.

What happens if an object is deleted from the source?

The object is also deleted from the Cloud Storage Pool.

The delete action is not replicated. A deleted object no longer exists in the StorageGRID bucket, but it continues to exist in the destination bucket. Similarly, objects in the destination bucket can be deleted without affecting the source.

How do you access objects after a disaster (StorageGRID system not operational)?

Failed StorageGRID nodes must be recovered. During this process, copies of replicated objects might be restored using the copies in the Cloud Storage Pool.

The object copies in the CloudMirror destination are independent of StorageGRID, so they can be accessed directly before the StorageGRID nodes are recovered. Create a Cloud Storage Pool

A Cloud Storage Pool specifies a single external Amazon S3 bucket or other S3- compatible provider, or Azure Blob storage container.

When you create a Cloud Storage Pool, you specify the name and location of the external bucket or container that StorageGRID will use to store objects, the cloud provider type (Amazon S3/GCP or Azure Blob storage), and the information StorageGRID needs to access the external bucket or container. Yes, because the mirrored copy is an independent copy.

What happens if an object is deleted from the source?

The object is also deleted from the Cloud Storage Pool.

The delete action is not replicated. A deleted object no longer exists in the StorageGRID bucket, but it continues to exist in the destination bucket. Similarly, objects in the destination bucket can be deleted without affecting the source.

How do you access objects after a disaster (StorageGRID system not operational)?

Failed StorageGRID nodes must be recovered. During this process, copies of replicated objects might be restored using the copies in the Cloud Storage Pool.

The object copies in the CloudMirror destination are independent of StorageGRID, so they can be accessed directly before the StorageGRID nodes are recovered. Create a Cloud Storage Pool

A Cloud Storage Pool specifies a single external Amazon S3 bucket or other S3- compatible provider, or Azure Blob storage container.

When you create a Cloud Storage Pool, you specify the name and location of the external bucket or container that StorageGRID will use to store objects, the cloud provider type (Amazon S3/GCP or Azure Blob storage), and the information StorageGRID needs to access the external bucket or container.

StorageGRID validates the Cloud Storage Pool as soon as you save it, so you must ensure that the bucket or container specified in the Cloud Storage Pool exists and is reachable.

Before you begin

You are signed in to the Grid Manager using a supported web browser.

You have the required access permissions.

You have reviewed the considerations for Cloud Storage Pools.

The external bucket or container referenced by the Cloud Storage Pool already exists, and you know its name and location. To access the bucket or container, you have the following information for the authentication type you will choose:

637

S3 access key

For the external S3 bucket

The access key ID for the account that owns the external bucket. ◦ The associated secret access key.

Alternatively, you can specify Anonymous for the authentication type. C2S access portal

For Commercial Cloud Services (C2S) S3 service

You have the following:

Complete URL that StorageGRID will use to obtain temporary credentials from the C2S access portal (CAP) server, including all the required and optional API parameters assigned to your C2S account.

Server CA certificate issued by an appropriate Government Certificate Authority (CA). StorageGRID uses this certificate to verify the identity of the CAP server. The server CA certificate must use PEM encoding.

Client certificate issued by an appropriate Government Certificate Authority (CA). StorageGRID uses this certificate to identity itself to the CAP server. The client certificate must use PEM encoding and must have been granted access to your C2S account.

PEM-encoded private key for the client certificate. ◦ Passphrase for decrypting the private key for the client certificate, if it is encrypted. If the client certificate will be encrypted, use the traditional format for the encryption. PKCS #8 encrypted format is not supported.

Azure Blob storage

For the external container

Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) used to access the Blob Storage container. ◦ Name of the storage account and the account key. You can use the Azure portal to find these values. Steps

1. Select ILM > Storage pools > Cloud Storage Pools.