Replicated data

If your grid includes replicated data, use the repair-data start-replicated-node-repair command with the --nodes option, where --nodes is the hostname (system name), to repair the entire Storage Node.

This command repairs the replicated data on a Storage Node named SG-DC-SN3: repair-data start-replicated-node-repair --nodes SG-DC-SN3

As object data is restored, the Objects Lost alert is triggered if the StorageGRID system can’t locate replicated object data. Alerts might be triggered on Storage Nodes throughout the system. You should determine the cause of the loss and if recovery is possible. See Investigate lost objects. Erasure-coded (EC) data

If your grid contains erasure-coded data, use the repair-data start-ec-node-repair command with the --nodes option, where --nodes is the hostname (system name), to repair the entire Storage Node.

This command repairs the erasure-coded data on a Storage Node named SG-DC-SN3: repair-data start-ec-node-repair --nodes SG-DC-SN3

The operation returns a unique repair ID that identifies this repair_data operation. Use this repair ID to track the progress and result of the repair_data operation. No other feedback is returned as the recovery process completes. If your grid includes replicated data, use the repair-data start-replicated-node-repair command with the --nodes option, where --nodes is the hostname (system name), to repair the entire Storage Node.

This command repairs the replicated data on a Storage Node named SG-DC-SN3: repair-data start-replicated-node-repair --nodes SG-DC-SN3

As object data is restored, the Objects Lost alert is triggered if the StorageGRID system can’t locate replicated object data. Alerts might be triggered on Storage Nodes throughout the system. You should determine the cause of the loss and if recovery is possible. See Investigate lost objects. Erasure-coded (EC) data

If your grid contains erasure-coded data, use the repair-data start-ec-node-repair command with the --nodes option, where --nodes is the hostname (system name), to repair the entire Storage Node.

This command repairs the erasure-coded data on a Storage Node named SG-DC-SN3: repair-data start-ec-node-repair --nodes SG-DC-SN3

The operation returns a unique repair ID that identifies this repair_data operation. Use this repair ID to track the progress and result of the repair_data operation. No other feedback is returned as the recovery process completes.

Repairs of erasure-coded data can begin while some Storage Nodes are offline. Repair will complete after all nodes are available.

Repair data if only some volumes have failed

If only some of the volumes have failed, repair the affected volumes. Follow the instructions for replicated data, erasure-coded (EC) data, or both, based on whether you use replicated data, erasure-coded (EC) data, or both.

If all volumes have failed, go to Repair data if all volumes have failed.

Enter the volume IDs in hexadecimal. For example, 0000 is the first volume and 000F is the sixteenth volume. You can specify one volume, a range of volumes, or multiple volumes that aren’t in a sequence. All the volumes must be on the same Storage Node. If you need to restore volumes for more than one Storage Node, contact technical support.

1574

Replicated data

If your grid contains replicated data, use the start-replicated-volume-repair command with the --nodes option to identify the node (where --nodes is the hostname of the node). Then add either the --volumes or --volume-range option, as shown in the following examples.

Single volume: This command restores replicated data to volume 0002 on a Storage Node named SG- DC-SN3: repair-data start-replicated-volume-repair --nodes SG-DC-SN3 --volumes 0002

Range of volumes: This command restores replicated data to all volumes in the range 0003 to 0009 on a Storage Node named SG-DC-SN3:

repair-data start-replicated-volume-repair --nodes SG-DC-SN3 --volume-range 0003,0009

Multiple volumes not in a sequence: This command restores replicated data to volumes 0001, 0005, and 0008 on a Storage Node named SG-DC-SN3: repair-data start-replicated-volume-repair --nodes SG-DC-SN3 --volumes 0001,0005,0008

As object data is restored, the Objects Lost alert is triggered if the StorageGRID system can’t locate replicated object data. Alerts might be triggered on Storage Nodes throughout the system. Note the alert description and recommended actions to determine the cause of the loss and if recovery is possible. Erasure-coded (EC) data

If your grid contains erasure-coded data, use the start-ec-volume-repair command with the --nodes option to identify the node (where --nodes is the hostname of the node). Then add either the --volumes or --volume-range option, as shown in the following examples.

Single volume: This command restores erasure-coded data to volume 0007 on a Storage Node named SG-DC-SN3: repair-data start-ec-volume-repair --nodes SG-DC-SN3 --volumes 0007