4.4.1-8

4.4.1-12

Docker versions tested

Docker support is deprecated and will be removed in a future release.

Docker-CE 20.10.7

Docker-CE 20.10.20-3

Docker-CE 23.0.6-1

Docker-CE 24.0.2-1

Docker-CE 24.0.4-1

Docker-CE 24.0.5-1

Docker-CE 24.0.7-1

1.5-2 CPU and RAM requirements

Before installing StorageGRID software, verify and configure the hardware so that it is ready to support the StorageGRID system.

Each StorageGRID node requires the following minimum resources:

142

• CPU cores: 8 per node

RAM: At least 24 GB per node, and 2 to 16 GB less than the total system RAM, depending on the total RAM available and the amount of non-StorageGRID software running on the system

Ensure that the number of StorageGRID nodes you plan to run on each physical or virtual host does not exceed the number of CPU cores or the physical RAM available. If the hosts aren’t dedicated to running StorageGRID (not recommended), be sure to consider the resource requirements of the other applications. Monitor your CPU and memory usage regularly to ensure that these resources continue to accommodate your workload. For example, doubling the RAM and CPU allocation for virtual Storage Nodes would provide similar resources to those provided for StorageGRID appliance nodes. Additionally, if the amount of metadata per node exceeds 500 GB, consider increasing the RAM per node to 48 GB or more. For information about managing object metadata storage, increasing the Metadata Reserved Space setting, and monitoring CPU and memory usage, see the instructions for administering, monitoring, and upgrading StorageGRID. Docker-CE 24.0.7-1

1.5-2 CPU and RAM requirements

Before installing StorageGRID software, verify and configure the hardware so that it is ready to support the StorageGRID system.

Each StorageGRID node requires the following minimum resources:

142

• CPU cores: 8 per node

RAM: At least 24 GB per node, and 2 to 16 GB less than the total system RAM, depending on the total RAM available and the amount of non-StorageGRID software running on the system

Ensure that the number of StorageGRID nodes you plan to run on each physical or virtual host does not exceed the number of CPU cores or the physical RAM available. If the hosts aren’t dedicated to running StorageGRID (not recommended), be sure to consider the resource requirements of the other applications. Monitor your CPU and memory usage regularly to ensure that these resources continue to accommodate your workload. For example, doubling the RAM and CPU allocation for virtual Storage Nodes would provide similar resources to those provided for StorageGRID appliance nodes. Additionally, if the amount of metadata per node exceeds 500 GB, consider increasing the RAM per node to 48 GB or more. For information about managing object metadata storage, increasing the Metadata Reserved Space setting, and monitoring CPU and memory usage, see the instructions for administering, monitoring, and upgrading StorageGRID.

If hyperthreading is enabled on the underlying physical hosts, you can provide 8 virtual cores (4 physical cores) per node. If hyperthreading is not enabled on the underlying physical hosts, you must provide 8 physical cores per node. If you are using virtual machines as hosts and have control over the size and number of VMs, you should use a single VM for each StorageGRID node and size the VM accordingly.

For production deployments, you should not run multiple Storage Nodes on the same physical storage hardware or virtual host. Each Storage Node in a single StorageGRID deployment should be in its own isolated failure domain. You can maximize the durability and availability of object data if you ensure that a single hardware failure can only impact a single Storage Node. See also Storage and performance requirements.

Storage and performance requirements

You must understand the storage requirements for StorageGRID nodes, so you can provide enough space to support the initial configuration and future storage expansion.

StorageGRID nodes require three logical categories of storage:

Container pool — Performance-tier (10K SAS or SSD) storage for the node containers, which will be assigned to the Docker storage driver when you install and configure Docker on the hosts that will support your StorageGRID nodes.

System data — Performance-tier (10K SAS or SSD) storage for per-node persistent storage of system data and transaction logs, which the StorageGRID host services will consume and map into individual nodes.