Depending on how migrated data is used and your requirements for migrated data, you might want to define unique ILM rules for migrated data that are different from the ILM rules used for day-to-day operations. For example, if there are different regulatory requirements for day-to-day data management than there are for the data that is included in the migration, you might want a different number of copies of the migrated data on a different grade of storage.

You can configure rules that apply exclusively to migrated data if it is possible to uniquely distinguish between migrated data and object data saved from day-to-day operations. If you can reliably distinguish between the types of data using one of the metadata criteria, you can use this criteria to define an ILM rule that applies only to migrated data.

Before beginning data migration, ensure that you understand the StorageGRID system’s ILM policy and how it will apply to migrated data, and that you have made and tested any changes to the ILM policy. See Manage objects with ILM.

An ILM policy that has been incorrectly specified can cause unrecoverable data loss. Carefully review all changes you make to an ILM policy before activating it to make sure the policy will work as intended. Assess impact of migration on operations

A StorageGRID system is designed to provide efficient operation for object storage and retrieval, and to provide excellent protection against data loss through the seamless creation of redundant copies of object data and metadata.

However, data migration must be carefully managed according to the instructions in this guide to avoid having an impact on day-to-day system operations, or, in extreme cases, placing data at risk of loss in case of a failure in the StorageGRID system. Migration of large quantities of data places additional load on the system. When the StorageGRID system is heavily loaded, it responds more slowly to requests to store and retrieve objects. This can interfere with store and retrieve requests which are integral to day-to-day operations. Migration can also cause other operational issues. For example, when a Storage Node is nearing capacity, the heavy intermittent load due to batch ingest can cause the Storage Node to cycle between read-only and read-write, generating notifications.

If the heavy loading persists, queues can develop for various operations that the StorageGRID system must perform to ensure full redundancy of object data and metadata. Data migration must be carefully managed according to the guidelines in this document to ensure safe and efficient operation of the StorageGRID system during migration. When migrating data, ingest objects in batches or continuously throttle ingest. Then, continuously monitor the StorageGRID system to ensure that various attribute values aren’t exceeded. Schedule and monitor data migration

Data migration must be scheduled and monitored as necessary to ensure data is placed according to the ILM policy within the required timeframe.

594

Schedule data migration

Avoid migrating data during core operational hours. Limit data migration to evenings, weekends, and other times when system usage is low.

If possible, don’t schedule data migration during periods of high activity. However, if it is not practical to completely avoid the high activity period, it is safe to proceed as long as you closely monitor the relevant attributes and take action if they exceed acceptable values. Monitor data migration

This table lists the attributes you must monitor during data migration, and the issues that they represent.

If you use traffic classification policies with rate limits to throttle ingest, you can monitor the observed rate in conjunction with the statistics described in the following table and reduce the limits if necessary. Monitor

Description

Number of objects waiting for ILM evaluation

1. Select SUPPORT > Tools > Grid topology.

2. Select deployment > Overview > Main.

3. In the ILM Activity section, monitor the number of objects shown for the following attributes:

Awaiting - All (XQUZ): The total number of objects awaiting ILM evaluation.

Awaiting - Client (XCQZ): The total number of objects awaiting ILM evaluation from client operations (for example, ingest). Data migration must be scheduled and monitored as necessary to ensure data is placed according to the ILM policy within the required timeframe.

594

Schedule data migration

Avoid migrating data during core operational hours. Limit data migration to evenings, weekends, and other times when system usage is low.

If possible, don’t schedule data migration during periods of high activity. However, if it is not practical to completely avoid the high activity period, it is safe to proceed as long as you closely monitor the relevant attributes and take action if they exceed acceptable values. Monitor data migration