Client read and write audit messages are logged when an S3 or Swift client application makes a request to create, modify, or retrieve an object.

Management audit messages log user requests to the Management API. Each Admin Node stores audit messages in text files. The audit share contains the active file (audit.log) as well as compressed audit logs from previous days. Each node in the grid also stores a copy of the audit information generated on the node.

For easy access to audit logs, you can configure audit client access for NFS. You can also access audit log files directly from the command line of the Admin Node.

Optionally, you can change the destination of audit logs and send audit information to an external syslog server. Local logs of audit records continue to be generated and stored when an external syslog server is configured. See Configure audit messages and log destinations.

For details on the audit log file, the format of audit messages, the types of audit messages, and the tools available to analyze audit messages, see Review audit logs.

1230

Collect log files and system data You can use the Grid Manager to retrieve log files and system data (including configuration data) for your StorageGRID system.

Before you begin

You must be signed in to the Grid Manager on the primary Admin Node using a supported web browser.

You have specific access permissions.

You must have the provisioning passphrase. About this task

You can use the Grid Manager to gather log files, system data, and configuration data from any grid node for the time period that you select. Data is collected and archived in a .tar.gz file that you can then download to your local computer.

Optionally, you can change the destination of audit logs and send audit information to an external syslog server. Local logs of audit records continue to be generated and stored when an external syslog server is configured. See Configure audit messages and log destinations. Steps

1. Select SUPPORT > Tools > Logs.

2. Select the grid nodes for which you want to collect log files.

As required, you can collect log files for the entire grid or an entire data center site.

1231

3. Select a Start Time and End Time to set the time range of the data to be included in the log files.

If you select a very long time period or collect logs from all nodes in a large grid, the log archive could become too large to be stored on a node, or too large to be collected to the primary Admin Node for download. If this occurs, you must restart log collection with a smaller set of data.

4. Select the types of logs you want to collect.

Application Logs: Application-specific logs that technical support uses most frequently for troubleshooting. The logs collected are a subset of the available application logs. Audit Logs: Logs containing the audit messages generated during normal system operation. ◦ Network Trace: Logs used for network debugging. ◦ Prometheus Database: Time series metrics from the services on all nodes.

5. Optionally, enter notes about the log files you are gathering in the Notes text box. 1. Select SUPPORT > Tools > Logs.

2. Select the grid nodes for which you want to collect log files.

As required, you can collect log files for the entire grid or an entire data center site.

1231

3. Select a Start Time and End Time to set the time range of the data to be included in the log files.

If you select a very long time period or collect logs from all nodes in a large grid, the log archive could become too large to be stored on a node, or too large to be collected to the primary Admin Node for download. If this occurs, you must restart log collection with a smaller set of data.

4. Select the types of logs you want to collect.

Application Logs: Application-specific logs that technical support uses most frequently for troubleshooting. The logs collected are a subset of the available application logs. Audit Logs: Logs containing the audit messages generated during normal system operation. ◦ Network Trace: Logs used for network debugging. ◦ Prometheus Database: Time series metrics from the services on all nodes.

5. Optionally, enter notes about the log files you are gathering in the Notes text box.

You can use these notes to give technical support information about the problem that prompted you to collect the log files. Your notes are added to a file called info.txt, along with other information about the log file collection. The info.txt file is saved in the log file archive package.

6. Enter the provisioning passphrase for your StorageGRID system in the Provisioning Passphrase text box.

7. Select Collect Logs.

When you submit a new request, the previous collection of log files is deleted.

You can use the Logs page to monitor the progress of log file collection for each grid node. If you receive an error message about log size, try collecting logs for a shorter time period or for fewer nodes.