a. In the CA Certificate field, provide the CA certificate that will be used to verify the identify of the SMTP server.

You can copy and paste the contents into this field, or select Browse and select the file.

You must provide a single file that contains the certificates from each intermediate issuing certificate

1095 1094

Field

Enter

Port

The port used to access the SMTP server. Must be between 1 and 65535.

Username (optional)

If your SMTP server requires authentication, enter the username to authenticate with. Password (optional)

If your SMTP server requires authentication, enter the password to authenticate with.

4. In the Email Addresses section, enter email addresses for the sender and for each recipient.

a. For the Sender Email Address, specify a valid email address to use as the From address for alert notifications.

For example: storagegrid-alerts@example.com

b. In the Recipients section, enter an email address for each email list or person who should receive an

email when an alert occurs.

Select the plus icon

to add recipients.

5. If Transport Layer Security (TLS) is required for communications with the SMTP server, select Require TLS in the Transport Layer Security (TLS) section.

a. In the CA Certificate field, provide the CA certificate that will be used to verify the identify of the SMTP server.

You can copy and paste the contents into this field, or select Browse and select the file.

You must provide a single file that contains the certificates from each intermediate issuing certificate

1095

authority (CA). The file should contain each of the PEM-encoded CA certificate files, concatenated in certificate chain order.

b. Select the Send Client Certificate checkbox if your SMTP email server requires email senders to

provide client certificates for authentication.

c. In the Client Certificate field, provide the PEM-encoded client certificate to send to the SMTP server.

You can copy and paste the contents into this field, or select Browse and select the file.

d. In the Private Key field, enter the private key for the client certificate in unencrypted PEM encoding.

You can copy and paste the contents into this field, or select Browse and select the file.

If you need to edit the email setup, select the pencil icon to update this field. 6. In the Filters section, select which alert severity levels should result in email notifications, unless the rule for a specific alert has been silenced.

1096

Severity

Description

Minor, major, critical

An email notification is sent when the minor, major, or critical condition for an alert rule is met. Major, critical

An email notification is sent when the major or critical condition for an alert rule is met. Notifications aren’t sent for minor alerts.

Critical only

An email notification is sent only when the critical condition for an alert rule is met. Notifications aren’t sent for minor or major alerts.

7. When you are ready to test your email settings, perform these steps: a. Select Send Test Email.

A confirmation message appears, indicating that a test email was sent.

b. Check the inboxes of all email recipients and confirm that a test email was received.

If the email is not received within a few minutes or if the Email notification failure alert is triggered, check your settings and try again.

c. Sign in to any other Admin Nodes and send a test email to verify connectivity from all sites.

When you test alert notifications, you must sign in to every Admin Node to verify connectivity. This is in contrast to testing AutoSupport packages and legacy alarm notifications, where all Admin Nodes send the test email.

8. Select Save.

Sending a test email does not save your settings. You must select Save.

The email settings are saved.

Information included in alert email notifications After you configure the SMTP email server, email notifications are sent to the designated recipients when an alert is triggered, unless the alert rule is suppressed by a silence. See Silence alert notifications.

Email notifications include the following information:

1097

Callout

Description

1

The name of the alert, followed by the number of active instances of this alert.

2 The description of the alert.

3

Any recommended actions for the alert.

4

Details about each active instance of the alert, including the node and site affected, the alert severity, the UTC time when the alert rule was triggered, and the name of the affected job and service.

5

The hostname of the Admin Node that sent the notification.

How alerts are grouped c. Sign in to any other Admin Nodes and send a test email to verify connectivity from all sites.

When you test alert notifications, you must sign in to every Admin Node to verify connectivity. This is in contrast to testing AutoSupport packages and legacy alarm notifications, where all Admin Nodes send the test email.

8. Select Save.

Sending a test email does not save your settings. You must select Save.