Review the list of current alerts and alarms to see if StorageGRID has identified the root cause of a problem for you.

View current and resolved alerts

Manage alarms (legacy system)

Review alerts and alarms triggered in the past for additional insights.

1242

Type of data to collect Why collect this data

Instructions Monitor events

Events include any system error or fault events for a node, including errors such as network errors. Monitor events to learn more about issues or to help with troubleshooting.

Monitor events

Identify trends using charts and text reports

Trends can provide valuable clues about when issues first appeared, and can help you understand how quickly things are changing.

Use charts and graphs

Use text reports Establish baselines

Collect information about the normal levels of various operational values. These baseline values, and deviations from these baselines, can provide valuable clues.

Establish baselines

Perform ingest and retrieval tests

To troubleshoot performance issues with ingest and retrieval, use a workstation to store and retrieve objects. Compare results against those seen when using the client application.

Monitor PUT and GET performance Review audit messages

Review audit messages to follow StorageGRID operations in detail. The details in audit messages can be useful for troubleshooting many types of issues, including performance issues.

Review audit messages

Check object locations and storage integrity

If you are having storage problems, verify that objects are being placed where you expect. Check the integrity of object data on a Storage Node.

Monitor object verification operations

Confirm object data locations

Verify object integrity

Collect data for technical support

Technical support might ask you to collect data or review specific information to help troubleshoot issues.

Collect log files and system data

Manually trigger an AutoSupport package

Review support metrics

Create a timeline of recent changes

When a problem occurs, you should consider what has changed recently and when those changes occurred.

Changes to your StorageGRID system, its configuration, or its environment can cause new behavior.

A timeline of changes can help you identify which changes might be responsible for an issue, and how each change might have affected its development.

Create a table of recent changes to your system that includes information about when each change occurred

1243

and any relevant details about the change, such information about what else was happening while the change was in progress: Time of change

Type of change

Details

For example:

What happened? What did you do?

Document any relevant details about the change. For example:

When did you start the node recovery?

Details of the network changes.

When did the software upgrade complete?

Which hotfix was installed.

How client workloads changed.

Did you interrupt the process?

Make sure to note if more than one change was happening at the same time. For example, was this change made while an upgrade was in progress? Examples of significant recent changes

Here are some examples of potentially significant changes:

Was the StorageGRID system recently installed, expanded, or recovered?

Has the system been upgraded recently? Was a hotfix applied?

Has any hardware been repaired or changed recently?

Has the ILM policy been updated?

Has the client workload changed?

Has the client application or its behavior changed?

Have you changed load balancers, or added or removed a high availability group of Admin Nodes or Gateway Nodes?

Have any tasks been started that might take a long time to complete? Examples include:

Recovery of a failed Storage Node ◦ Storage Node decommissioning

Have any changes been made to user authentication, such as adding a tenant or changing LDAP configuration?

Is data migration taking place?

Were platform services recently enabled or changed?

Was compliance enabled recently?

Have Cloud Storage Pools been added or removed? Have any changes been made to storage compression or encryption? Details of the network changes.

When did the software upgrade complete?

Which hotfix was installed.

How client workloads changed.

Did you interrupt the process?

Make sure to note if more than one change was happening at the same time. For example, was this change made while an upgrade was in progress? Examples of significant recent changes

Here are some examples of potentially significant changes:

Was the StorageGRID system recently installed, expanded, or recovered?

Has the system been upgraded recently? Was a hotfix applied?

Has any hardware been repaired or changed recently?

Has the ILM policy been updated?

Has the client workload changed?

Has the client application or its behavior changed?

Have you changed load balancers, or added or removed a high availability group of Admin Nodes or Gateway Nodes?