1. Select the Swift administrator checkbox if group users need to use the Swift REST API to manage containers and objects.

2. If you are creating a local group, select Continue. If you are creating a federated group, select Create group and Finish. Add users (local groups only)

You can save the group without adding users, or you can optionally add any local users that already exist.

Steps

1. Optionally, select one or more local users for this group.

If you have not yet created local users, you can add this group to the user on the Users page. See Manage local users.

2. Select Create group and Finish.

The group you created appears in the list of groups. Tenant management permissions

Before you create a tenant group, consider which permissions you want to assign to that group. Tenant management permissions determine which tasks users can perform using the Tenant Manager or the Tenant Management API. A user can belong to one or more groups. Permissions are cumulative if a user belongs to multiple groups.

To sign in to the Tenant Manager or to use the Tenant Management API, users must belong to a group that has at least one permission. All users who can sign in can perform the following tasks:

View the dashboard

Change their own password (for local users)

For all permissions, the group’s Access mode setting determines whether users can change settings and perform operations or whether they can only view the related settings and features.

If a user belongs to multiple groups and any group is set to Read-only, the user will have read- only access to all selected settings and features. You can assign the following permissions to a group. Note that S3 tenants and Swift tenants have different

792

group permissions.

Permission

Description

Root access

Provides full access to the Tenant Manager and the Tenant Management API.

Administrator Swift tenants only. Provides full access to the Swift containers and objects for this tenant account

Manage your own S3 credentials

Allows users to create and remove their own S3 access keys.

View all buckets

S3 tenants: Allows users to view all buckets and bucket configurations.

Swift tenants: Allows Swift users to view all containers and container configurations using the Tenant Management API. Manage all buckets

S3 tenants: Allows users to use the Tenant Manager and the Tenant Management API to create and delete S3 buckets and to manage the settings for all S3 buckets in the tenant account, regardless of S3 bucket or group policies.

Swift tenants: Allows Swift users to control the consistency for Swift containers using the Tenant Management API. Manage endpoints

Allows users to use the Tenant Manager or the Tenant Management API to create or edit platform service endpoints, which are used as the destination for StorageGRID platform services. Details

Swift users must have Root access permission to sign in to the tenant account.

Swift users must have the Swift Administrator permission to perform any operations with the Swift REST API.

Users who don’t have this permission don’t see the STORAGE (S3) > My S3 access keys menu option.

Users who don’t have either the View all buckets or the Manage all buckets permission don’t see the Buckets menu option.

This permission is superseded by the Manage all buckets permission. It does not affect S3 bucket or group polices used by S3 clients or S3 Console. S3 tenants: Allows users to view all buckets and bucket configurations.

Swift tenants: Allows Swift users to view all containers and container configurations using the Tenant Management API. Manage all buckets

S3 tenants: Allows users to use the Tenant Manager and the Tenant Management API to create and delete S3 buckets and to manage the settings for all S3 buckets in the tenant account, regardless of S3 bucket or group policies.

Swift tenants: Allows Swift users to control the consistency for Swift containers using the Tenant Management API. Manage endpoints

Allows users to use the Tenant Manager or the Tenant Management API to create or edit platform service endpoints, which are used as the destination for StorageGRID platform services. Details

Swift users must have Root access permission to sign in to the tenant account.

Swift users must have the Swift Administrator permission to perform any operations with the Swift REST API.

Users who don’t have this permission don’t see the STORAGE (S3) > My S3 access keys menu option.

Users who don’t have either the View all buckets or the Manage all buckets permission don’t see the Buckets menu option.

This permission is superseded by the Manage all buckets permission. It does not affect S3 bucket or group polices used by S3 clients or S3 Console.

You can only assign this permission to Swift groups from the Tenant Management API. You can’t assign this permission to Swift groups using the Tenant Manager.