You must select this option if you are using the FabricPool setup wizard for a new StorageGRID system and you have not yet created any tenant accounts.

Allow selected tenants Only the selected tenant accounts can use this endpoint to access their buckets.

Block selected tenants The selected tenant accounts can’t use this endpoint to access their

buckets. All other tenants can use this endpoint.

e. For the Attach certificate step, select one of the following:

Field

Description

Upload certificate (recommended)

Use this option to upload a CA-signed server certificate, certificate private key, and optional CA bundle. Generate certificate

Use this option to generate a self-signed certificate. See Configure load balancer endpoints for details of what to enter.

Use StorageGRID S3 and Swift certificate

This option is available only if you have already uploaded or generated a custom version of the StorageGRID global certificate. See Configure S3 and Swift API certificates for details.

f. Select Finish to return to the FabricPool setup wizard.

g. Select Continue to go to the tenant and bucket step.

Changes to an endpoint certificate can take up to 15 minutes to be applied to all nodes.

Use existing load balancer endpoint

a. Select the name of an existing endpoint from the Select a load balancer endpoint drop-down list.

b. Select Continue to go to the tenant and bucket step.

Use external load balancer

a. Complete the following fields for the external load balancer.

Field

Description

FQDN

The fully qualified domain name (FQDN) of the external load balancer.

Port

The port number that FabricPool will use to connect to the external load balancer. Certificate

Copy the server certificate for the external load balancer and paste it into this field.

b. Select Continue to go to the tenant and bucket step. Step 3 of 9: Tenant and bucket

A tenant is an entity that can use S3 applications to store and retrieve objects in StorageGRID. Each tenant has its own users, access keys, buckets, objects, and a specific set of capabilities. You must create a StorageGRID tenant before you can create the bucket that FabricPool will use.

A bucket is a container used to store a tenant’s objects and object metadata. Although some tenants might have many buckets, the wizard lets you create or select only one tenant and one bucket at a time. You can use the Tenant Manager later to add any additional buckets you need.

You can create a new tenant and bucket for FabricPool use, or you can select an existing tenant and bucket. If you create a new tenant, the system automatically creates the access key ID and secret access key for the tenant’s root user.

For details about this task, see Create a tenant account for FabricPool and Create an S3 bucket and obtain an access key. Steps

Create a new tenant and bucket or select an existing tenant.

733

New tenant and bucket

1. To create a new tenant and bucket, enter a Tenant name. For example, FabricPool tenant. Copy the server certificate for the external load balancer and paste it into this field.

b. Select Continue to go to the tenant and bucket step. Step 3 of 9: Tenant and bucket

A tenant is an entity that can use S3 applications to store and retrieve objects in StorageGRID. Each tenant has its own users, access keys, buckets, objects, and a specific set of capabilities. You must create a StorageGRID tenant before you can create the bucket that FabricPool will use.

A bucket is a container used to store a tenant’s objects and object metadata. Although some tenants might have many buckets, the wizard lets you create or select only one tenant and one bucket at a time. You can use the Tenant Manager later to add any additional buckets you need.

You can create a new tenant and bucket for FabricPool use, or you can select an existing tenant and bucket. If you create a new tenant, the system automatically creates the access key ID and secret access key for the tenant’s root user.

For details about this task, see Create a tenant account for FabricPool and Create an S3 bucket and obtain an access key. Steps

Create a new tenant and bucket or select an existing tenant.

733

New tenant and bucket

1. To create a new tenant and bucket, enter a Tenant name. For example, FabricPool tenant.

2. Define root access for the tenant account, based on whether your StorageGRID system uses identity federation, single sign-on (SSO), or both. Option

Do this

If identity federation is not enabled

Specify the password to use when signing into the tenant as the local root user.

If identity federation is enabled

1. Select an existing federated group to have Root access permission for the tenant.

2. Optionally, specify the password to use when signing in to the tenant as the local root user.

If both identity federation and single sign-on (SSO) are enabled

Select an existing federated group to have Root access permission for the tenant. No local users can sign in.