You can temporarily or permanently disable identity federation for groups and users. When identity federation is disabled, there is no communication between StorageGRID and the identity source. However, any settings you have configured are retained, allowing you to easily reenable identity federation in the future. About this task

Before you disable identity federation, you should be aware of the following:

Federated users will be unable to sign in.

Federated users who are currently signed in will retain access to the StorageGRID system until their session expires, but they will be unable to sign in after their session expires.

Synchronization between the StorageGRID system and the identity source will not occur, and alerts or alarms will not be raised for accounts that have not been synchronized.

The Enable identity federation checkbox is disabled if single sign-on (SSO) is set to Enabled or Sandbox Mode. The SSO Status on the Single Sign-on page must be Disabled before you can disable identity federation. See Disable single sign-on. Steps

1. Go to the Identity federation page.

2. Uncheck the Enable identity federation checkbox.

Guidelines for configuring an OpenLDAP server

If you want to use an OpenLDAP server for identity federation, you must configure specific settings on the OpenLDAP server.

For identity sources that aren’t ActiveDirectory or Azure, StorageGRID will not automatically block S3 access to users who are disabled externally. To block S3 access, delete any S3 keys for the user or remove the user from all groups.

315

Memberof and refint overlays Before you disable identity federation, you should be aware of the following:

Federated users will be unable to sign in.

Federated users who are currently signed in will retain access to the StorageGRID system until their session expires, but they will be unable to sign in after their session expires.

Synchronization between the StorageGRID system and the identity source will not occur, and alerts or alarms will not be raised for accounts that have not been synchronized.

The Enable identity federation checkbox is disabled if single sign-on (SSO) is set to Enabled or Sandbox Mode. The SSO Status on the Single Sign-on page must be Disabled before you can disable identity federation. See Disable single sign-on. Steps

1. Go to the Identity federation page.

2. Uncheck the Enable identity federation checkbox.

Guidelines for configuring an OpenLDAP server

If you want to use an OpenLDAP server for identity federation, you must configure specific settings on the OpenLDAP server.

For identity sources that aren’t ActiveDirectory or Azure, StorageGRID will not automatically block S3 access to users who are disabled externally. To block S3 access, delete any S3 keys for the user or remove the user from all groups.

315

Memberof and refint overlays

The memberof and refint overlays should be enabled. For more information, see the instructions for reverse group membership maintenance in the OpenLDAP documentation: Version 2.4 Administrator’s Guide. Indexing

You must configure the following OpenLDAP attributes with the specified index keywords:

olcDbIndex: objectClass eq

olcDbIndex: uid eq,pres,sub

olcDbIndex: cn eq,pres,sub

olcDbIndex: entryUUID eq

In addition, ensure the fields mentioned in the help for Username are indexed for optimal performance.

See the information about reverse group membership maintenance in the OpenLDAP documentation: Version 2.4 Administrator’s Guide. Manage admin groups

You can create admin groups to manage the security permissions for one or more admin users. Users must belong to a group to be granted access to the StorageGRID system.

Before you begin

You are signed in to the Grid Manager using a supported web browser.

You have specific access permissions.

If you plan to import a federated group, you have configured identity federation and the federated group already exists in the configured identity source. Create an admin group

Admin groups allow you to determine which users can access which features and operations in the Grid Manager and the Grid Management API.

Access the wizard

Steps

1. Select CONFIGURATION > Access control > Admin groups.

2. Select Create group.

Choose a group type

You can create a local group or import a federated group.

Create a local group if you want to assign permissions to local users.

Create a federated group to import users from the identity source.

316

Local group Steps

1. Select Local group.

2. Enter a display name for the group, which you can update later as required. For example, "Maintenance Users" or "ILM Administrators."

3. Enter a unique name for the group, which you can’t update later.

4. Select Continue.

Federated group

Steps

1. Select Federated group.

2. Enter the name of the group you want to import, exactly as it appears in the configured identity source.