Repairs of erasure-coded data can begin while some Storage Nodes are offline. Repair will complete after all nodes are available. Monitor repairs

Monitor the status of the repair jobs, based on whether you use replicated data, erasure-coded (EC) data, or both.

You can also monitor the status of volume restoration jobs in process and view a history of restoration jobs completed in Grid Manager.

1590

Replicated data

To get an estimated percent completion for the replicated repair, add the show-replicated- repair-status option to the repair-data command. repair-data show-replicated-repair-status

To determine if repairs are complete:

1. Select NODES > Storage Node being repaired > ILM.

2. Review the attributes in the Evaluation section. When repairs are complete, the Awaiting - All attribute indicates 0 objects.

To monitor the repair in more detail:

1. Select SUPPORT > Tools > Grid topology.

2. Select grid > Storage Node being repaired > LDR > Data Store.

3. Use a combination of the following attributes to determine, as well as possible, if replicated repairs are complete.

Cassandra inconsistencies might be present, and failed repairs aren’t tracked.

▪ Repairs Attempted (XRPA): Use this attribute to track the progress of replicated repairs. This attribute increases each time a Storage Node tries to repair a high-risk object. When this attribute does not increase for a period longer than the current scan period (provided by the Scan Period — Estimated attribute), it means that ILM scanning found no high-risk objects that need to be repaired on any nodes.

High-risk objects are objects that are at risk of being completely lost. This does not include objects that don’t satisfy their ILM configuration.

▪ Scan Period — Estimated (XSCM): Use this attribute to estimate when a policy change will be applied to previously ingested objects. If the Repairs Attempted attribute does not increase for a period longer than the current scan period, it is probable that replicated repairs are done. Note that the scan period can change. The Scan Period — Estimated (XSCM) attribute applies to the entire grid and is the maximum of all node scan periods. You can query the Scan Period — Estimated attribute history for the grid to determine an appropriate time frame. Erasure-coded (EC) data

To monitor the repair of erasure-coded data and retry any requests that might have failed:

1. Determine the status of erasure-coded data repairs:

Select SUPPORT > Tools > Metrics to view the estimated time to completion and the completion percentage for the current job. Then, select EC Overview in the Grafana section. Look at the Grid EC Job Estimated Time to Completion and Grid EC Job Percentage Completed dashboards.

Use this command to see the status of a specific repair-data operation: repair-data show-ec-repair-status --repair-id repair ID

Use this command to list all repairs:

1591

repair-data show-ec-repair-status

The output lists information, including repair ID, for all previously and currently running repairs.

2. If the output shows that the repair operation failed, use the --repair-id option to retry the repair. To monitor the repair of erasure-coded data and retry any requests that might have failed:

1. Determine the status of erasure-coded data repairs:

Select SUPPORT > Tools > Metrics to view the estimated time to completion and the completion percentage for the current job. Then, select EC Overview in the Grafana section. Look at the Grid EC Job Estimated Time to Completion and Grid EC Job Percentage Completed dashboards.

Use this command to see the status of a specific repair-data operation: repair-data show-ec-repair-status --repair-id repair ID

Use this command to list all repairs:

1591

repair-data show-ec-repair-status

The output lists information, including repair ID, for all previously and currently running repairs.

2. If the output shows that the repair operation failed, use the --repair-id option to retry the repair.

This command retries a failed node repair, using the repair ID 6949309319275667690: repair-data start-ec-node-repair --repair-id 6949309319275667690

This command retries a failed volume repair, using the repair ID 6949309319275667690:

repair-data start-ec-volume-repair --repair-id 6949309319275667690

Check storage state after recovering storage volumes

After recovering storage volumes, you must verify that the desired state of the Storage Node is set to online and ensure that the state will be online by default whenever the Storage Node server is restarted.

Before you begin

You are signed in to the Grid Manager using a supported web browser.

The Storage Node has been recovered, and data recovery is complete. Steps

1. Select SUPPORT > Tools > Grid topology. 2. Check the values of Recovered Storage Node > LDR > Storage > Storage State — Desired and Storage State — Current.

The value of both attributes should be Online.