If possible, use DNS servers that each site can access locally to ensure that an islanded site can resolve the FQDNs for external destinations.

If the DNS server information is omitted or incorrectly configured, a DNST alarm is triggered on each grid node’s SSM service. The alarm clears when DNS is configured correctly and the new server information has reached all grid nodes. Steps

1. Specify the IPv4 address for at least one DNS server in the Server 1 text box.

2. If necessary, select the plus sign next to the last entry to add additional server entries.

The best practice is to specify at least two DNS servers. You can specify up to six DNS servers.

3. Select Next.

Specify the StorageGRID system passwords

As part of installing your StorageGRID system, you need to enter the passwords to use to secure your system and perform maintenance tasks. About this task

Use the Install passwords page to specify the provisioning passphrase and the grid management root user password.

The provisioning passphrase is used as an encryption key and is not stored by the StorageGRID system.

You must have the provisioning passphrase for installation, expansion, and maintenance procedures, including downloading the Recovery Package. Therefore, it is important that you store the provisioning passphrase in a secure location.

You can change the provisioning passphrase from the Grid Manager if you have the current one.

The grid management root user password can be changed using the Grid Manager.

129

• Randomly generated command line console and SSH passwords are stored in the Passwords.txt file in the Recovery Package.

Steps

1. In Provisioning Passphrase, enter the provisioning passphase that will be required to make changes to the grid topology of your StorageGRID system.

Store the provisioning passphrase in a secure place.

If after the installation completes and you want to change the provisioning passphrase later, you can use the Grid Manager. Select CONFIGURATION > Access control> Grid passwords.

2. In Confirm Provisioning Passphrase, reenter the provisioning passphrase to confirm it.

3. In Grid Management Root User Password, enter the password to use to access the Grid Manager as the "root" user. Store the password in a secure place.

4. In Confirm Root User Password, reenter the Grid Manager password to confirm it.

5. If you are installing a grid for proof of concept or demo purposes, optionally clear the Create random command line passwords checkbox.

For production deployments, random passwords should always be used for security reasons. Clear Create random command line passwords only for demo grids if you want to use default passwords to access grid nodes from the command line using the "root" or "admin" account.

130

You are prompted to download the Recovery Package file (sgws-recovery-package- id-revision.zip) after you click Install on the Summary page. You must download this file to complete the installation. The passwords required to access the system are stored in the Passwords.txt file, contained in the Recovery Package file. Store the provisioning passphrase in a secure place.

If after the installation completes and you want to change the provisioning passphrase later, you can use the Grid Manager. Select CONFIGURATION > Access control> Grid passwords.

2. In Confirm Provisioning Passphrase, reenter the provisioning passphrase to confirm it.

3. In Grid Management Root User Password, enter the password to use to access the Grid Manager as the "root" user. Store the password in a secure place.

4. In Confirm Root User Password, reenter the Grid Manager password to confirm it.

5. If you are installing a grid for proof of concept or demo purposes, optionally clear the Create random command line passwords checkbox.

For production deployments, random passwords should always be used for security reasons. Clear Create random command line passwords only for demo grids if you want to use default passwords to access grid nodes from the command line using the "root" or "admin" account.

130

You are prompted to download the Recovery Package file (sgws-recovery-package- id-revision.zip) after you click Install on the Summary page. You must download this file to complete the installation. The passwords required to access the system are stored in the Passwords.txt file, contained in the Recovery Package file.

6. Click Next.

Review your configuration and complete installation You must carefully review the configuration information you have entered to ensure that the installation completes successfully.

Steps

1. View the Summary page.

2. Verify that all of the grid configuration information is correct. Use the Modify links on the Summary page to go back and correct any errors.

3. Click Install.