StorageGRID appliances

Go to StorageGRID Appliance Documentation to learn how to install, configure, and maintain StorageGRID storage and services appliances.

2

Release notes

Obtain release-specific information about fixed issues and known issues.

Log in to the NetApp Support Site to view or download a PDF file containing the StorageGRID 11.8 release notes.

3

Get started with a StorageGRID system

Learn about StorageGRID

What is StorageGRID?

NetApp® StorageGRID® is a software-defined object storage suite that supports a wide range of use cases across public, private, and hybrid multicloud environments. StorageGRID offers native support for the Amazon S3 API and delivers industry-leading innovations such as automated lifecycle management to store, secure, protect, and preserve unstructured data cost effectively over long periods. StorageGRID provides secure, durable storage for unstructured data at scale. Integrated, metadata-driven lifecycle management policies optimize where your data lives throughout its life. Content is placed in the right location, at the right time, and on the right storage tier to reduce cost.

StorageGRID is composed of geographically distributed, redundant, heterogeneous nodes, which can be integrated with both existing and next-generation client applications.

4

Support for Archive Nodes is deprecated and will be removed in a future release. Moving objects from an Archive Node to an external archival storage system through the S3 API has been replaced by ILM Cloud Storage Pools, which offer more functionality. StorageGRID benefits

Advantages of the StorageGRID system include the following:

Massively scalable and easy-to-use a geographically distributed data repository for unstructured data.

Standard object storage protocols:

Amazon Web Services Simple Storage Service (S3) ◦ OpenStack Swift

5

Support for Swift client applications has been deprecated and will be removed in a future release.

Hybrid cloud enabled. Policy-based information lifecycle management (ILM) stores objects to public clouds, including Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Microsoft Azure. StorageGRID platform services enable content replication, event notification, and metadata searching of objects stored to public clouds.

Flexible data protection to ensure durability and availability. Data can be protected using replication and layered erasure coding. At-rest and in-flight data verification ensures integrity for long-term retention. Dynamic data lifecycle management to help manage storage costs. You can create ILM rules that manage data lifecycle at the object level, customizing data locality, durability, performance, cost, and retention time.

High availability of data storage and some management functions, with integrated load balancing to optimize the data load across StorageGRID resources.

Support for multiple storage tenant accounts to segregate the objects stored on your system by different entities.

Numerous tools for monitoring the health of your StorageGRID system, including a comprehensive alert system, a graphical dashboard, and detailed statuses for all nodes and sites.

Support for software or hardware-based deployment. You can deploy StorageGRID on any of the following:

Virtual machines running in VMware. ◦ Container engines on Linux hosts. ◦ StorageGRID engineered appliances. ▪ Storage appliances provide object storage. ▪ Services appliances provide grid administration and load balancing services.

Compliant with the relevant storage requirements of these regulations:

Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in 17 CFR § 240.17a-4(f), which regulates exchange members, brokers or dealers.

Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) Rule 4511(c), which defers to the format and media requirements of SEC Rule 17a-4(f).

Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) in regulation 17 CFR § 1.31(c)-(d), which regulates commodity futures trading.

Non-disruptive upgrade and maintenance operations. Maintain access to content during upgrade, expansion, decommission, and maintenance procedures. Federated identity management. Integrates with Active Directory, OpenLDAP, or Oracle Directory Service for user authentication. Supports single sign-on (SSO) using the Security Assertion Markup Language 2.0 (SAML 2.0) standard to exchange authentication and authorization data between StorageGRID and Active Directory Federation Services (AD FS). Hybrid clouds with StorageGRID

Use StorageGRID in a hybrid cloud configuration by implementing policy-driven data management to store objects in Cloud Storage Pools, leveraging StorageGRID platform services, and tiering data from ONTAP to StorageGRID with NetApp FabricPool.

6

Cloud Storage Pools Compliant with the relevant storage requirements of these regulations:

Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in 17 CFR § 240.17a-4(f), which regulates exchange members, brokers or dealers.