Alerts are also included for node connection states. View the Hardware tab

The Hardware tab displays CPU utilization and memory usage for each node, and additional hardware information about appliances.

The Grid Manager is updated with each release and might not match the example screenshots on this page.

The Hardware tab is shown for all nodes.

1022

To display a different time interval, select one of the controls above the chart or graph. You can display the information available for intervals of 1 hour, 1 day, 1 week, or 1 month. You can also set a custom interval, which allows you to specify date and time ranges.

To see details for CPU utilization and memory usage, position your cursor over each graph.

If the node is an appliance node, this tab also includes a section with more information about the appliance hardware. View information about appliance Storage Nodes

The Nodes page lists information about service health and all computational, disk device, and network resources for each appliance Storage Node. You can also see memory, storage hardware, controller firmware version, network resources, network interfaces, network addresses, and receive and transmit data. Steps

1023

1. From the Nodes page, select an appliance Storage Node.

2. Select Overview.

The Node information section of the Overview tab displays summary information for the node, such as the node’s name, type, ID, and connection state. The list of IP addresses includes the name of the interface for each address, as follows:

eth: The Grid Network, Admin Network, or Client Network. ◦ hic: One of the physical 10, 25, or 100 GbE ports on the appliance. These ports can be bonded together and connected to the StorageGRID Grid Network (eth0) and Client Network (eth2).

mtc: One of the physical 1 GbE ports on the appliance. One or more mtc interfaces are bonded to form the StorageGRID Admin Network interface (eth1). You can leave other mtc interfaces available for temporary local connectivity for a technician in the data center.

The Alerts section of the Overview tab displays any active alerts for the node.

1024

3. Select Hardware to see more information about the appliance. a. View the CPU Utilization and Memory graphs to determine the percentages of CPU and memory usage over time. To display a different time interval, select one of the controls above the chart or graph. You can display the information available for intervals of 1 hour, 1 day, 1 week, or 1 month. You can also set a custom interval, which allows you to specify date and time ranges. 2. Select Overview.

The Node information section of the Overview tab displays summary information for the node, such as the node’s name, type, ID, and connection state. The list of IP addresses includes the name of the interface for each address, as follows:

eth: The Grid Network, Admin Network, or Client Network. ◦ hic: One of the physical 10, 25, or 100 GbE ports on the appliance. These ports can be bonded together and connected to the StorageGRID Grid Network (eth0) and Client Network (eth2).

mtc: One of the physical 1 GbE ports on the appliance. One or more mtc interfaces are bonded to form the StorageGRID Admin Network interface (eth1). You can leave other mtc interfaces available for temporary local connectivity for a technician in the data center.

The Alerts section of the Overview tab displays any active alerts for the node.

1024

3. Select Hardware to see more information about the appliance. a. View the CPU Utilization and Memory graphs to determine the percentages of CPU and memory usage over time. To display a different time interval, select one of the controls above the chart or graph. You can display the information available for intervals of 1 hour, 1 day, 1 week, or 1 month. You can also set a custom interval, which allows you to specify date and time ranges.

b. Scroll down to view the table of components for the appliance. This table contains information such as the model name of the appliance; controller names, serial numbers, and IP addresses; and the status of each component.

Some fields, such as Compute controller BMC IP and Compute hardware, appear only for appliances with that feature.

Components for the storage shelves, and expansion shelves if they are part of the installation, appear in a separate table below the appliance table.

1025

1026 Field in the Appliance table

Appliance model

Storage controller name

Storage controller A management IP

Description

The model number for this StorageGRID appliance shown in SANtricity OS.

The name for this StorageGRID appliance shown in SANtricity OS.

IP address for management port 1 on storage controller A. You use this IP to access SANtricity OS to troubleshoot storage issues.

Field in the Appliance table Storage controller B management IP

Storage controller WWID

Storage appliance chassis serial number

Storage controller firmware version

Storage hardware

Storage controller failed drive count