./vsphere/vsphere-archive.mf ./vsphere/vsphere-gateway.ovf

The template file (.ovf) and manifest file (.mf) for deploying Gateway Nodes.

./vsphere/vsphere-gateway.mf

./vsphere/vsphere-storage.ovf

The template file (.ovf) and manifest file (.mf) for deploying virtual machine-based Storage Nodes.

./vsphere/vsphere-storage.mf

Deployment scripting tool Description

./vsphere/deploy-vsphere-ovftool.sh

A Bash shell script used to automate the deployment of virtual grid nodes.

./vsphere/deploy-vsphere-ovftool- sample.ini

An example configuration file for use with the deploy-vsphere-ovftool.sh script.

204

Path and file name

Description

./vsphere/configure-storagegrid.py

A Python script used to automate the configuration of a StorageGRID system. ./vsphere/configure-sga.py

A Python script used to automate the configuration of StorageGRID appliances.

./vsphere/storagegrid-ssoauth.py

An example Python script that you can use to sign in to the Grid Management API when single sign-on (SSO) is enabled. You can also use this script for Ping Federate. ./vsphere/configure- storagegrid.sample.json

An example configuration file for use with the configure-storagegrid.py script.

./vsphere/configure- storagegrid.blank.json

A blank configuration file for use with the configure-storagegrid.py script.

./vsphere/storagegrid-ssoauth-azure.py

An example Python script that you can use to sign in to the Grid Management API when single sign-on (SSO) is enabled using Active Directory or Ping Federate. ./vsphere/storagegrid-ssoauth-azure.js

A helper script called by the companion storagegrid-ssoauth-azure.py Python script to perform SSO interactions with Azure.

./vsphere/extras/api-schemas

API schemas for StorageGRID.

Note: Before you perform an upgrade, you can use these schemas to confirm that any code you have written to use StorageGRID management APIs will be compatible with the new StorageGRID release if you don’t have a non-production StorageGRID environment for upgrade compatibility testing. Software requirements for VMware An example Python script that you can use to sign in to the Grid Management API when single sign-on (SSO) is enabled. You can also use this script for Ping Federate. ./vsphere/configure- storagegrid.sample.json

An example configuration file for use with the configure-storagegrid.py script.

./vsphere/configure- storagegrid.blank.json

A blank configuration file for use with the configure-storagegrid.py script.

./vsphere/storagegrid-ssoauth-azure.py

An example Python script that you can use to sign in to the Grid Management API when single sign-on (SSO) is enabled using Active Directory or Ping Federate. ./vsphere/storagegrid-ssoauth-azure.js

A helper script called by the companion storagegrid-ssoauth-azure.py Python script to perform SSO interactions with Azure.

./vsphere/extras/api-schemas

API schemas for StorageGRID.

Note: Before you perform an upgrade, you can use these schemas to confirm that any code you have written to use StorageGRID management APIs will be compatible with the new StorageGRID release if you don’t have a non-production StorageGRID environment for upgrade compatibility testing. Software requirements for VMware

You can use a virtual machine to host any type of StorageGRID node. You need one virtual machine for each grid node.

VMware vSphere Hypervisor

You must install VMware vSphere Hypervisor on a prepared physical server. The hardware must be configured correctly (including firmware versions and BIOS settings) before you install VMware software.

Configure networking in the hypervisor as required to support networking for the StorageGRID system you are installing.

205

Networking guidelines

Ensure that the datastore is large enough for the virtual machines and virtual disks that are required to host the grid nodes.

If you create more than one datastore, name each datastore so that you can easily identify which datastore to use for each grid node when you create virtual machines. ESX host configuration requirements

You must properly configure the network time protocol (NTP) on each ESX host. If the host time is incorrect, negative effects, including data loss, could occur.

VMware configuration requirements

You must install and configure VMware vSphere and vCenter before deploying StorageGRID nodes.

For supported versions of VMware vSphere Hypervisor and VMware vCenter Server software, see the NetApp Interoperability Matrix Tool.

For the steps required to install these VMware products, see the VMware documentation.

Other required software