to use and the current Metadata Reserved Space value.

For example, if the Metadata Reserved Space setting is currently 4 TB and you want to increase it to 6 TB, the Available value must be 2 TB or greater. f. Repeat these steps for all Storage Nodes.

▪ If one or more Storage Nodes do not have enough available space, the Metadata Reserved Space

value cannot be increased. Do not continue with this procedure.

▪ If each Storage Node has enough available space on volume 0, go to the next step.

3. Ensure you have at least 128 GB of RAM on each Storage Node. a. Select NODES.

b. Select the first Storage Node in the grid.

c. Select the Hardware tab.

557

d. Hover your cursor over the Memory Usage chart. Ensure that Total Memory is at least 128 GB.

e. Repeat these steps for all Storage Nodes.

▪ If one or more Storage Nodes do not have enough available total memory, the Metadata Reserved

Space value cannot be increased. Do not continue with this procedure.

▪ If each Storage Node has at least 128 GB of total memory, go to the next step.

4. Update the Metadata Reserved Space setting. a. Select CONFIGURATION > System > Storage options.

b. Select the Configuration tab.

c. In the Storage Watermarks section, select Metadata Reserved Space.

d. Enter the new value.

For example, to enter 8 TB, which is the maximum supported value, enter 8000000000000 (8, followed by 12 zeros)

e. Select Apply Changes.

Compress stored objects

You can enable object compression to reduce the size of objects stored in StorageGRID, so that objects consume less storage.

Before you begin

You are signed in to the Grid Manager using a supported web browser.

You have specific access permissions. About this task

By default, object compression is disabled. If you enable compression, StorageGRID attempts to compress each object when saving it, using lossless compression.

558

If you change this setting, it will take about one minute for the new setting to be applied. The configured value is cached for performance and scaling.

Before enabling object compression, be aware of the following:

You should not select Compress stored objects unless you know that the data being stored is compressible.

Applications that save objects to StorageGRID might compress objects before saving them. If a client application has already compressed an object before saving it to StorageGRID, selecting this option will not further reduce an object’s size.

Don’t select Compress stored objects if you are using NetApp FabricPool with StorageGRID. If Compress stored objects is selected, S3 and Swift client applications should avoid performing GetObject operations that specify a range of bytes be returned. These "range read" operations are inefficient because StorageGRID must effectively uncompress the objects to access the requested bytes. GetObject operations that request a small range of bytes from a very large object are especially inefficient; for example, it is inefficient to read a 10 MB range from a 50 GB compressed object. If ranges are read from compressed objects, client requests can time out.

If you need to compress objects and your client application must use range reads, increase the read timeout for the application. Steps

1. Select CONFIGURATION > System > Storage settings > Object compression.

2. Select the Compress stored objects checkbox.

3. Select Save.

Storage Node configuration settings

Each Storage Node uses several configuration settings and counters. You might need to view the current settings or reset counters to clear alarms (legacy system).

Except when specifically instructed in documentation, you should consult with technical support before modifying any Storage Node configuration settings. As required, you can reset event counters to clear legacy alarms. Follow these steps to access a Storage Node’s configuration settings and counters.

Steps

1. Select SUPPORT > Tools > Grid topology.

2. Select site > Storage Node.

3. Expand the Storage Node and select the service or component.

4. Select the Configuration tab.

The following tables summarize Storage Node configuration settings.

559

LDR Attribute Name

HTTP State

Auto-Start HTTP

LDR > Data Store

Attribute Name

Reset Lost Objects Count

LDR > Storage

560

Code

HSTE If you need to compress objects and your client application must use range reads, increase the read timeout for the application. Steps

1. Select CONFIGURATION > System > Storage settings > Object compression.

2. Select the Compress stored objects checkbox.

3. Select Save.

Storage Node configuration settings

Each Storage Node uses several configuration settings and counters. You might need to view the current settings or reset counters to clear alarms (legacy system).