Some of the default alerts use Prometheus metrics.

Appliance alerts Alert name

Description

Appliance battery expired

The battery in the appliance’s storage controller has expired.

Appliance battery failed

The battery in the appliance’s storage controller has failed.

Appliance battery has insufficient learned capacity

The battery in the appliance’s storage controller has insufficient learned capacity. Appliance battery near expiration

The battery in the appliance’s storage controller is nearing expiration.

Appliance battery removed

The battery in the appliance’s storage controller is missing.

Appliance battery too hot

The battery in the appliance’s storage controller is overheated.

Appliance BMC communication error

Communication with the baseboard management controller (BMC) has been lost.

Appliance cache backup device failed

A persistent cache backup device has failed. Appliance cache backup device insufficient capacity

There is insufficient cache backup device capacity.

Appliance cache backup device write-protected

A cache backup device is write-protected.

Appliance cache memory size mismatch

The two controllers in the appliance have different cache sizes.

Appliance compute controller chassis temperature too high

The temperature of the compute controller in a StorageGRID appliance has exceeded a nominal threshold. Appliance compute controller CPU temperature too high

The temperature of the CPU in the compute controller in a StorageGRID appliance has exceeded a nominal threshold.

1103

Alert name

Description

Appliance compute controller needs attention

A hardware fault has been detected in the compute controller of a StorageGRID appliance.

Appliance compute controller power supply A has a problem

Power supply A in the compute controller has a problem.

Appliance compute controller power supply B has a problem

Power supply B in the compute controller has a problem.

Appliance compute hardware monitor service stalled

The service that monitors storage hardware status has stalled.

Appliance DAS drive exceeding limit for data written per day

An excessive amount of data is being written to a drive each day, which might void its warranty.

Appliance DAS drive fault detected A problem was detected with a direct-attached storage (DAS) drive in the appliance.

Appliance DAS drive locator light on

The drive locator light for one or more direct-attached storage (DAS) drives in an appliance Storage Node is on.

Appliance DAS drive rebuilding

A direct-attached storage (DAS) drive is rebuilding. This is expected if it was recently replaced or removed/reinserted.

Appliance fan fault detected

A problem with a fan unit in the appliance was detected. Appliance Fibre Channel fault detected

A Fibre Channel link problem has been detected between the appliance storage controller and compute controller

Appliance Fibre Channel HBA port failure

A Fibre Channel HBA port is failing or has failed.

Appliance flash cache drives non- optimal

The drives used for the SSD cache are non-optimal.

Appliance interconnect/battery canister removed

The interconnect/battery canister is missing.

Appliance LACP port missing

A port on a StorageGRID appliance is not participating in the LACP bond.

Appliance NIC fault detected

A problem with a network interface card (NIC) in the appliance was detected.

1104

Alert name

Appliance overall power supply degraded Appliance SSD critical warning

Appliance storage controller A failure

Appliance storage controller B failure

Appliance storage controller drive failure

Appliance storage controller hardware issue

Appliance storage controller power supply A failure

Appliance storage controller power supply B failure

Appliance storage hardware monitor service stalled

Appliance storage shelves degraded

Appliance temperature exceeded

Appliance temperature sensor removed Appliance UEFI secure boot error

Disk I/O is very slow

Storage appliance fan fault detected

Storage appliance storage connectivity degraded

Description

The power of a StorageGRID appliance has deviated from the recommended operating voltage.

An appliance SSD is reporting a critical warning.

Storage controller A in a StorageGRID appliance has failed.

Storage controller B in a StorageGRID appliance has failed. The drives used for the SSD cache are non-optimal.

Appliance interconnect/battery canister removed

The interconnect/battery canister is missing.

Appliance LACP port missing

A port on a StorageGRID appliance is not participating in the LACP bond.

Appliance NIC fault detected

A problem with a network interface card (NIC) in the appliance was detected.

1104

Alert name

Appliance overall power supply degraded Appliance SSD critical warning

Appliance storage controller A failure

Appliance storage controller B failure

Appliance storage controller drive failure

Appliance storage controller hardware issue

Appliance storage controller power supply A failure