Generate certificate

a. Select Generate certificate.

b. Specify the certificate information:

Field Description

Domain name

One or more fully qualified domain names to include in the certificate. Use an * as a wildcard to represent multiple domain names.

IP

One or more IP addresses to include in the certificate.

Subject (optional)

X.509 subject or distinguished name (DN) of the certificate owner.

If no value is entered in this field, the generated certificate uses the first domain name or IP address as the subject common name (CN).

Days valid

Number of days after creation that the certificate expires.

505

Field

Description Add key usage extensions

If selected (default and recommended), key usage and extended key usage extensions are added to the generated certificate.

These extensions define the purpose of the key contained in the certificate.

Note: Leave this checkbox selected unless you experience connection problems with older clients when certificates include these extensions. c. Select Generate.

d. Select Certificate details to see the metadata for the generated certificate.

▪ Select Download certificate to save the certificate file.

Specify the certificate file name and download location. Save the file with the extension .pem.

For example: storagegrid_certificate.pem

▪ Select Copy certificate PEM to copy the certificate contents for pasting elsewhere. e. Select Create.

The load balancer endpoint is created. The custom certificate is used for all subsequent new connections between S3 and Swift clients or the management interface and this endpoint.

After you finish Steps

1. If you use a DNS, ensure that the DNS includes a record to associate the StorageGRID fully qualified domain name (FQDN) to each IP address that clients will use to make connections.

The IP address you enter in the DNS record depends on whether you are using an HA group of load- balancing nodes:

If you have configured an HA group, clients will connect to the virtual IP addresses of that HA group. ◦ If you aren’t using an HA group, clients will connect to the StorageGRID Load Balancer service using the IP address of a Gateway Node or Admin Node.

You must also ensure that the DNS record references all required endpoint domain names, including any wildcard names. d. Select Certificate details to see the metadata for the generated certificate.

▪ Select Download certificate to save the certificate file.

Specify the certificate file name and download location. Save the file with the extension .pem.

For example: storagegrid_certificate.pem

▪ Select Copy certificate PEM to copy the certificate contents for pasting elsewhere. e. Select Create.

The load balancer endpoint is created. The custom certificate is used for all subsequent new connections between S3 and Swift clients or the management interface and this endpoint.

After you finish Steps

1. If you use a DNS, ensure that the DNS includes a record to associate the StorageGRID fully qualified domain name (FQDN) to each IP address that clients will use to make connections.

The IP address you enter in the DNS record depends on whether you are using an HA group of load- balancing nodes:

If you have configured an HA group, clients will connect to the virtual IP addresses of that HA group. ◦ If you aren’t using an HA group, clients will connect to the StorageGRID Load Balancer service using the IP address of a Gateway Node or Admin Node.

You must also ensure that the DNS record references all required endpoint domain names, including any wildcard names.

2. Provide S3 and Swift clients with the information needed to connect to the endpoint:

Port number ◦ Fully qualified domain name or IP address ◦ Any required certificate details

506

View and edit load balancer endpoints You can view details for existing load balancer endpoints, including the certificate metadata for a secured endpoint. You can change certain settings for an endpoint.

To view basic information for all load balancer endpoints, review the tables on the Load balancer endpoints page.

To view all details about a specific endpoint, including certificate metadata, select the endpoint’s name in the table. The information shown varies depending on the endpoint type and how it’s configured.

To edit an endpoint, use the Actions menu on the Load balancer endpoints page.

If you lose access to Grid Manager while editing the port of a management interface endpoint, update the URL and port to regain access.

After editing an endpoint, you might need to wait up to 15 minutes for your changes to be applied to all nodes.

507

Task

Actions menu

Details page Edit endpoint name

a. Select the checkbox for the endpoint.

a. Select the endpoint name to display

b. Select Actions > Edit endpoint

the details.

name.

b. Select the edit icon

.

c. Enter the new name.

c. Enter the new name.

d. Select Save.

d. Select Save.

Edit endpoint port

a. Select the checkbox for the endpoint. n/a