When logs are sent to an external syslog server, single logs greater than 8,192 bytes are truncated at the end of the message to conform with common limitations in external syslog server implementations.

To maximize the options for full data recovery in the event of a failure of the external syslog server, up to 20 GB of local logs of audit records (localaudit.log) are maintained on each node.

How to configure an external syslog server To learn how to configure an external syslog server, see Configure audit messages and external syslog server.

If you plan to configure use the TLS or RELP/TLS protocol, you must have the following certificates:

Server CA certificates: One or more trusted CA certificates for verifying the external syslog server in PEM encoding. If omitted, the default Grid CA certificate will be used.

Client certificate: The client certificate for authentication to the external syslog server in PEM encoding.

Client private key: Private key for the client certificate in PEM encoding.

If you use a client certificate you must also use a client private key. If you provide an encrypted private key, you must also provide the passphrase. There is no significant security benefit from using an encrypted private key because the key and passphrase must be stored; using an unencrypted private key, if available, is recommended for simplicity.

How to estimate the size of the external syslog server Normally, your grid is sized to achieve a required throughput, defined in terms of S3 operations per second or bytes per second. For example, you might have a requirement that your grid handle 1,000 S3 operations per second, or 2,000 MB per second, of object ingests and retrievals. You should size your external syslog server according to your grid’s data requirements.

This section provides some heuristic formulas that help you estimate the rate and average size of log messages of various types that your external syslog server needs to be capable of handling, expressed in terms of the known or desired performance characteristics of the grid (S3 operations per second).

1183

Use S3 operations per second in estimation formulas If your grid was sized for a throughput expressed in bytes per second, you must convert this sizing into S3 operations per second to use the estimation formulas. To convert grid throughput, you must first determine your average object size, which you can do using the information in existing audit logs and metrics (if any), or by using your knowledge of the applications that will use StorageGRID. For example, if your grid was sized to achieve a throughput of 2,000 MB/second, and your average object size is 2 MB, then your grid was sized to be able to handle 1,000 S3 operations per second (2,000 MB / 2 MB).

The formulas for external syslog server sizing in the following sections provide common-case estimates (rather than worst-case estimates). Depending on your configuration and workload, you might see a higher or lower rate of syslog messages or volume of syslog data than the formulas predict. The formulas are meant to be used as guidelines only. Estimation formulas for audit logs

If you have no information about your S3 workload other than number of S3 operations per second your grid is expected to support, you can estimate the volume of audit logs your external syslog server will need to handle using the following formulas, under the assumption that you leave the Audit Levels set to the default values (all categories set to Normal, except Storage, which is set to Error):

Audit Log Rate = 2 x S3 Operations Rate Audit Log Average Size = 800 bytes The formulas for external syslog server sizing in the following sections provide common-case estimates (rather than worst-case estimates). Depending on your configuration and workload, you might see a higher or lower rate of syslog messages or volume of syslog data than the formulas predict. The formulas are meant to be used as guidelines only. Estimation formulas for audit logs

If you have no information about your S3 workload other than number of S3 operations per second your grid is expected to support, you can estimate the volume of audit logs your external syslog server will need to handle using the following formulas, under the assumption that you leave the Audit Levels set to the default values (all categories set to Normal, except Storage, which is set to Error):

Audit Log Rate = 2 x S3 Operations Rate Audit Log Average Size = 800 bytes