Tenants: Secures connections to identity federation servers or from platform service endpoints to S3 storage resources. StorageGRID also includes operating system CA certificates that are the same on all grids. In production environments, make sure that you specify a custom certificate signed by an external certificate authority in place of the operating system CA certificate.

Variants of the server and client certificate types are implemented in several ways. You should have all the certificates needed for your specific StorageGRID configuration ready before you configure the system. Access security certificates

You can access information about all StorageGRID certificates in a single location, along with links to the configuration workflow for each certificate. Steps

392

1. From Grid Manager, select CONFIGURATION > Security > Certificates.

2. Select a tab on the Certificates page for information about each certificate category and to access the certificate settings. You can access a tab if you have the appropriate permission.

Global: Secures StorageGRID access from web browsers and external API clients. ◦ Grid CA: Secures internal StorageGRID traffic. ◦ Client: Secures connections between external clients and the StorageGRID Prometheus database. ◦ Load balancer endpoints: Secures connections between S3 and Swift clients and the StorageGRID Load Balancer.

Tenants: Secures connections to identity federation servers or from platform service endpoints to S3 storage resources.

Other: Secures StorageGRID connections requiring specific certificates.

Each tab is described below with links to additional certificate details.

393

Global The global certificates secure StorageGRID access from web browsers and external S3 and Swift API clients. Two global certificates are initially generated by the StorageGRID certificate authority during installation. The best practice for a production environment is to use custom certificates signed by an external certificate authority.

Management interface certificate: Secures client web-browser connections to StorageGRID management interfaces.

S3 and Swift API certificate: Secures client API connections to Storage Nodes, Admin Nodes, and Gateway Nodes, which S3 and Swift client applications use to upload and download object data.

Information about the global certificates that are installed includes:

Name: Certificate name with link to managing the certificate.

Description

Type: Custom or default.

You should always use a custom certificate for improved grid security.

Expiration date: If using the default certificate, no expiration date is shown. You can:

Replace the default certificates with custom certificates signed by an external certificate authority for improved grid security:

Replace the default StorageGRID-generated management interface certificate used for Grid Manager and Tenant Manager connections.

Replace the S3 and Swift API certificate used for Storage Node and load balancer endpoint (optional) connections.

Restore the default management interface certificate.

Restore the default S3 and Swift API certificate.

Use a script to generate a new self-signed management interface certificate.

Copy or download the management interface certificate or S3 and Swift API certificate. Grid CA

The Grid CA certificate, generated by the StorageGRID certificate authority during StorageGRID installation, secures all internal StorageGRID traffic.

Certificate information includes the certificate expiration date and the certificate contents.

You can copy or download the Grid CA certificate, but you can’t change it. Client

Client certificates, generated by an external certificate authority, secure the connections between external monitoring tools and the StorageGRID Prometheus database.

The certificate table has a row for each configured client certificate and indicates whether the certificate can be used for Prometheus database access, along with the certificate expiration date. You can:

394

• Upload or generate a new client certificate.

Select a certificate name to display the certificate details where you can:

Change the client certificate name. ◦ Set the Prometheus access permission. ◦ Upload and replace the client certificate. ◦ Copy or download the client certificate. ◦ Remove the client certificate.

Select Actions to quickly edit, attach, or remove a client certificate. You can select up to 10 client certificates and remove them at one time using Actions > Remove. Load balancer endpoints

Load balancer endpoint certificates secure the connections between S3 and Swift clients and the StorageGRID Load Balancer service on Gateway Nodes and Admin Nodes.

The load balancer endpoint table has a row for each configured load balancer endpoint and indicates whether the global S3 and Swift API certificate or a custom load balancer endpoint certificate is being used for the endpoint. The expiration date for each certificate is also displayed.